[' '   
  stuck at home?  ' got some time on your hands? want to start '  a long series  "? but you don't want a dud?"      'check out this'  
 booktube video
  " all about which series are worth your time (and which ones aren't)! "      
here's the written review!
          can you hear me screaming?      'as expected  the illustrations brought this book to'   a whole new level.  '\xa0i legitimately want to buy another copy  solely to take it apart and'   frame it  '.'      each page is just bursting with new life.  '\xa0honestly  how could you\xa0'  not   'love such beautiful images?'          'hogwarts  hogwarts. hoggy hoggy warty warts.'      'i think at this point  everyone and their great-great-grandmother has heard of this book.'      'harry potter  orphaned before he was one  was sent to live with his aunt petunia and uncle vernon. he was always a bit of\xa0'  an odd child  "\xa0- much to his family's dismay."      'things just...'   happened   '...around him. like when he was running from bullies and jumped to the school roof. or when he got an atrocious haircut (courtesy of aunt petunia) and all of his hair grew back in a single night.'      'on his eleventh birthday  a letter comes to him and\xa0'  a whole new world opens  '\xa0in front of his eyes.'      'in short - i loved this one. i thought i loved the harry potter books when i first read them  but when i bought the illustrated version...well  that love instantly quadrupled.'      "the fully illustrated philosopher's stone still has all the wonder and amazement as the boy-turned-wizard embarks on a harrowing 7-book-adventure and the illustrations bring a whole new dimension."      seriously  i can't emphasize enough how much i love this book.  "\xa0just look at these images - they're magnificent:"          "ahh! just look at sad  tiny harry. don't worry kid - life will get better!"      'not only are these\xa0'  full-color  high quality images   'but there are so\xa0'  many  '\xa0of them.'      "often  illustrated books have a picture here or there but not hp. there's\xa0"  pages and pages of pictures  '\xa0like this - and often the pages without full-sized images will have a small illustrations here and there between the large ones.'      "words cannot express how highly i recommend this one. if you haven't read hp recently...i\xa0"  strongly urge  '\xa0you to check out this book.'      youtube  ' | '  blog  ' | '  instagram  ' | '  twitter  ' | snapchat @miranda.reads          ']["                        i'm going to keep this brief since there isn't much to say that hasn't already been said. *clears throat*"    "i think the reason i waited so long to read this series is because i just couldn't imagine myself enjoying reading about an eleven-year-old boy and his adventures at a school of wizardry. i thought it would be too juvenile for my taste. i was wrong  of course."    "i can honestly say that i loved every minute of this. it's a spectacular little romp with funny  courageous  and endearing characters that you can't help but love."    "it has talking chess pieces  singing hats  a giant three-headed dog named fluffy  a hilarious giant with a dragon fetish  a master wizard that's just a little bit crazy  mail carrier owls  goblins running a bank  unicorns  centaurs(!)  trolls . . . and probably much more that i'm forgetting. "    "and then there's the lead characters: hermione  the young scholar who starts out prim and up-tight but soon becomes a true friend; ron  the boy who has little money but who has an abundance of family and loyalty to his friends to make up for it; and then there's harry  the boy who starts out sleeping in a closet and ends up being a hero. harry is kind to those that deserve it  fearless when it counts the most  and wonderfully intelligent. what's not to love? "      'in regards to the ending: '  (view spoiler)  [i feel silly saying this about a middle grade novel  but i didn't suspect quirrell a bit! if there were hints that he was the true culprit and not snape  i obviously missed them. (hide spoiler)]      'favorite quote: '  "but from that moment on  hermione granger became their friend. there are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other  and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them."      "now  if you'll excuse me  i'm off to start "  harry potter and the chamber of secrets  '.'      '*******************************************************'      my reviews of other titles in this series:      harry potter and the chamber of secrets  ' ']["                        my original review was a comparison of sorts between harry potter and twilight. however  this is stupid as the two are incomparable. honestly  its not even worth discussing. its not just that twilight doesn't come close  it is the fact that harry potter transcends other similar works. its peerless. to quote samuel l. jackson in pulp fiction: it "  "ain't the same fuckin' ballpark  it ain't the same league  it ain't even the same fuckin' sport."       'there was a day when i thought i needed to defend harry potter  in the midst of the now dead twilight craze  and you can see that below in what was my original review. it is a testament to the power of this series  that while various other franchises (twilight  hunger games) have surged into popularity and then faded  harry potter remains unwaveringly strong after nineteen years. it is clear readers hold just as much admiration for these books as they always have. time has not dimmed that.'    'i will  one day  write an essay about what these books mean to me. eternal  this is the one that started it all. '      original review (circa 2010)     'a note in regard to the on-going potter vs twilight debate: '    'go ahed  tell me '  twilight  ' is better. '    'tell me that james is scarier than voldemort  '    "that the cullens are a better family than the weasly's "    'that edward is cooler than harry  '    'and bella is smarter than hermione. '    'tell me that '  stephenie meyer  ' is more talented than '  j.k. rowling  '. '      'go ahead  '    'i dare you. '      'those who think the topic of harry potter or twilight is worth debating and arguing over  '    'are utterly stupid. '      'quite frankly-this book is amazing.           ']['                        rereading for the 3rd time for the group read.'      "once upon a time  there was a 10th grader named khanh who didn't get along with people very well. she wasn't an outcast in school  and all the bullying and teasing stopped with the commencement of high school  but she had always been a bookworm and has generally preferred the company of her own thoughts."            'lunchtime had always been dedicated not to eating  but to sitting in the library  browsing through books.'      "(not to worry  she got her nutrition in 5th period in the form of a giant 6-inch m&m studded cookie and a package of sour patch kids and/or a package of reese's pieces. ah  the effortless metabolism of youth.)"      'one day  there were shiny new books on her school library\'s "new releases" shelf. harry potter  books 1 through 3. she had heard of the books before  of course  since they were a constant presence on the nyt bestsellers list  but she had always avoided them  thinking of them as children\'s novels.'      "at the grand age of 14  surely she was too old for a little kid's fantasy novel. she had read the "  outlander  " series earlier that year  after all. and it had sex in it. sex! she didn't really quite understand everything in the book  but the point is  she had read them. surely  at 14  khanh was ready for more mature novels."      'and that did not include harry potter. '  harry potter is 11. khanh is 14.  ' there is a vast difference in their ages. khanh was a '  teenager  '  dammit.'      'but the harry potter books were new. brand new. they were shiny  they had never been touched by another reader. and khanh was tempted.'      'she picked up the first book in the series: '  harry potter and the sorcerer's stone  '.'      'the end.'      or rather  the beginning.  ' ']["                        i'm on page 27. i can already tell this is going to be a big hit someday. everyone take note of this author. he's going places. "    "couldn't find him on twitter  though. wanted to tell him how great i thought page 23 was.           "][' '        ' ']['                        i will never ever rate this lower than 5 stars. beautiful.          '][' '    ' ']['                        why the heck did i not read harry potter before now...its flipping magical (literally)!          '][' '    'there are no words to do this book justice.           ']['                        one of my first jobs was at a bookstore. when i was a kid my mom would take me to the mall and i would spend tons of time hanging out at waldenbooks (who here remembers waldenbooks?) right when i became legally old enough to work  i went in and submitted my application and a few weeks later i was selling literature to the masses.'      'why do i tell you this story on this review  you ask? well  at the time  young adult/teen literature consisted mainly of rl stein  christopher pike  beverly cleary  judy blume  and a few other classic newberry award winners  but certainly we did not have a ya section to the extent you see it today.'      "towards the end of my tenure at waldenbooks - as oprah's book club was hitting its stride and men are from mars  women are from venus was in its bazzilionth week on the new york times best seller list - a book display arrived featuring a buzzy new title about a certain boy wizard. i remember the display at the front of the store  and selling a few copies  but i didn't realize what it would become."      'a few years later (early 2000s)  i had kinda gotten out of the loop on what was big in books. i had just finished college  which had taken up most of my free reading time. a friend of mine named bronco (yup  real name  not a nickname  who also was the best man at my wedding) had a copy of this book on his coffee table. holy cow! here is that same book we were selling at waldenbooks about 5 years before - what was he doing with it!?'      'well  he said it was good  so i borrowed it. i quickly plowed through the first 4 books and then got the pleasure of joining the world in waiting for the release of order of the phoenix. and  i noticed when i went to the bookstore  the ya section and selection was not so small anymore. i truly believe it was harry potter that opened the door to get more young adults (and even adults  of course) reading and authors interested in writing for that genre.          '][' '  (a-) 83%  ' | very good'    notes:  " despite a weak climax  it's a delightful read: an excellent introduction to its richly layered  wildly imaginative world.          "][' '  review for illustrated edition      'perfect. duh. '       re-read in december 2014 for harry christmas to you      'oh lordy. every time i read this book it brings back so many memories  and also gets me excited to read the rest of the series again as well because there is so much foreshadowing!! '      'for example:'    '-sirius black is casually mentioned in the first chapter'    '-mrs. figg is talked about a bit  as she looks after harry from time to time (or all the time  ayyyy?)'    "-it always cracks me up when hagrid says you'd have to be mad to try and rob gringotts... damn crazy kids."      'also here was a line in dumbledore\'s chocolate frog card bio that said and i quote  "professor dumbledore enjoys chamber music and tenpin bowling." hahahaha what even. now i\'m imagining him bowling dramatically to chamber music.'      'rowling is the queen forever and always.'          re-read in july 2012    "ginny's fangirling in this book is just too good."    "also  the dursleys aren't as bad as people think they are  because after all  they did pick harry up at the end of the year rather than just abandoning him. so that's worth something."    "mmmm  this book smells so good. it's good to be back.          "][' '  ***because i got hate in the comments for omg swearing in a children's book review (which i get  i guess...)  don't read this if you are under 18. happy now  everyone?***well  i did it. i finally read my first harry potter book...and in the same year as its 20th anniversary no less.      'but better late than never  no?'      'annnnd i already ordered the illustrated hardback. '    'and asked for the full hardcover set for christmas. '    'from my dad. '    'because nothing says  “i’m a thirty-fucking-five-year-old adult” like asking daddy for harry potter for christmas. '    ' '    '#teamdumbledore '      'xxxxxxxxxxx'      'i have a confession to make. '      '*'    '*'    '*'      'i have never read harry potter. '            'yes  yes  i know...this is akin to reader sacrilege.'      'but i just had no interest in these books when they came out. i was too busy reading about men in kilts fucking the milkmaid. '      'therefore  my only experience with "hermione" is the snl skit where lindsey lohan shows harry and that other scarfed dude her ginormous tatas. '      ' '    ' '      "well  what with everyone going ape shit over the newest installment  i figure i should probably find out what all this hogwart's business is about. "      "and since my friend's 9 year old demanded that i read his copy  i now have the paperback in my possession. "      'hoping to get starting this week...          ']["                        third re-read of the series  and this time i'll be reading the illustrated copies of the books that are available at this time. buddy read with paige!"      '********************************'    ' '  original review:      'i read this book a couple of years ago and  for some unknown reason  never continued on. it was just as wonderfully magical as i remembered  a breath of fresh air during what is usually a stressful time of year for me. i have yet to find a story that feels so pure and childlike that appeals to such a broad range of people. there’s something for everyone here; whether you are 10 or 100  hogwarts is a place you can escape to and enjoy hearty adventures that you won’t find elsewhere. '      'i truly love all of the characters and feel the entire cast is well done  but my personal favorites are the weasley twins  hagrid  and professor mcgonnall. while i’ve seen all the movies and know the general storyline  i’m really excited to experience the story “first hand” and see what all was left out from the films. i’m also intrigued to find out more about each house  especially the ones that took a backseat in this story. not sure if i can say anything that hasn’t been said before  but i loved it! '      buddy read with sam of clues and reviews!   ' '][' '  (a-) 83%  ' | very good'    notes:  " an effortless enchantment  it's lush with warmth and lore: seeded well  it casts a spell  and leaves you wanting more.          "]['                        doing a listen of the entire series  stephen fry edition.           ']["                        let's do this thing where we promote and recommend our favourite trans books/trans authors/trans book groups/trans booktubers/anything else to support trans  genderqueer  gender fluid and non-binary voices. i'll start:"      'the easiest way for us all to find trans literature is on '  goodreads' transgender books page  '.'      'some of my personal favourites are '  i wish you all the best  '  '  nothing ever happens here  '  '  wain: lgbt reimaginings of scottish folktales  '  '  pet  '  '  i was born for this  '  '  proud  '  and '  "i will not be erased": our stories about growing up as people of colour  '.'      "books by trans writers that i'm really looking forward to reading are "  felix ever after  '  '  cemetery boys  '  '  wonderland  ' and '  rick  '.'      'trans rights are human rights.          ']['                        i have absolutley no idea why goodreads deleted my review and rating but thankfully i still had it saved! so here it is again  may it stick around this time! '      ”it does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live  remember that.”      'okay  here’s the thing: there are already 96.502 reviews about this book on goodreads and i think it’s safe to say that mine will carry no weight. *lol* '    'so i decided to make this a short “my thoughts about this book” review. ;-p'      '1.)\t'  ”thirty-six ” he said  looking up at his mother and father. “that’s two less than last year.”  ' '      'i totally forgot how horrible the dursleys are and i think i kind of suppressed how dreadful dudley is! such a spoilt brat and this is actually putting it more than just lightly. if anyone should go to a boot camp sort of school it certainly should be him. '      '2.)\t'  ”ah  go boil yer heads  both of yeh ” said hagrid. “harry – yer a wizard.”      'bless hagrid for being the kind and compassionate man that he is!     '3.)\t'  ”blown up a toilet? we’ve never blown up a toilet.” “great idea though  thanks  mum.”      'haha! you gotta love the weasley twins! they might be side characters but they always manage to bring some humour into the book and they succeed to give that typical sibling and family vibe. =)'      '4.)\t'  ”are you sure that’s a real spell?” said the girl. “well  it’s not very good  is it? i’ve tried a few simple spells just for practice and it’s all worked for me.”      'when i read this i totally had the hermione of the movie in my mind. emma watson played her so well and i’m really glad that hermione came off her high horse. she was really insufferable at the beginning of the book. *lol* '      '5.)\t'  ”you’ll soon find out some wizarding families are much better than others  potter. you don’t want to go making friends with the wrong sort. i can help you there.”      'urgh! and so it begins! i never liked malfoy and i’ll never do. sorry  guys! yes  i felt sorry for him after book 5 but he’s still a slimy little spoilt brat at the beginning of the series. still  if his parents would have raised him differently he might have even turned out to be a nice guy. *sighs* '      '6.)\t'  ”let’s try again. potter  where would you look if i told you to find me a bezoar?”      'and here comes another character i’ll never forgive. snape is a horrible teacher and an even worse human being. there i said it. nothing that happens over the course of the following books will change anything about the fact that he’s unfair and mean to his students! his past doesn’t excuse his actions. still  i gotta give rowling kudos for all the foreboding! boy  alone the comment with the bezoar. xd and dumbledore explaining the relationship between snape and harry’s father. well done! ;-)'      '7.)\t'  ”but from that moment on  hermione granger became their friend. there are some things you can’t share without ending up liking each other  and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.”      'i still love that scene and i’m really glad hermione and the others finally bonded. also  i love that they tried to be good kids at the beginning. in the first book they actually don’t want to do anything forbidden and feel bad about it. well  and then the other books happen. *lol* apparently practice makes perfect though  because they go for plenty of forbidden things but don’t get caught anymore. haha! '      '8.)\t'  ”all right  all right. flint nearly kills the gryffindor seeker  which could happen to anyone  i’m sure  so a penalty to gryffindor  taken by spinnet  who puts it away  no trouble  and we continue play  gryffindor still in possession.”      'lee jordan is the best!     '9.)\t'  ”if i get caught before i can get to the stone  well  i’ll have to go back to the dursleys and wait for voldemort to find me there. it’s only dying a bit later than i would have done  because i’m never going over to the dark side!”      'i love harry’s defiance!!! that’s one of the many things that made me like him so much! he never backs down and always continues to fight. no matter the odds  he’s facing his troubles holding his head high! even this early in the series you can already see that he’s going to be a great mc! '      'and now let’s move on and read book two! ;-)          ']['                        on my list of '  reasons  ' why '  my daughters  ' are the '  bestest thing  ' to ever happen to me  '  number 14 577  ' is that they gave me  at '  41 years old  '  the perfect '  excuse  ' to revisit the '  harry potter  ' series. '      'when my oldest angel told me she wanted to start reading the harry potter books  i couldn’t have been happier. as i was collecting all seven volumes off the shelf to bring up to her room  i started feeling nostalgic for the whole hogwarts gang  and i realized that i’d never done more than a perfunctory review of this first volume. i figured it was high time to rectify that oversight.'      'harry deserves it. '      'however  with over a million ratings  and almost two reviews for every day i’ve been alive  i think i can dispense with any plot distillation or character profiles. it has all been eloquently said before. therefore  i just want to briefly express what i see as the essential magic at the heart of the series  and why i think it has resonated so strongly with so many people. '      'here goes...'      'only rarely does a story come along that can so completely wrap you up in a warm blanket of contentment and good feelings. one that can hold at bay  even if only for precious moments  the nasty brutishness of what often passes for daily life. these stories do that. '      "it’s an escape into a world of optimism  honor  and hope  where things always look hopeful and anything is possible. who wouldn't want to hang around in a place like that  especially when it is decorated with sorting hats  kindly giants  magic wands and quidditch."      'granted...no aspect of the story is revolutionary  or even particularly noteworthy  from the standpoint of blazing new trails within the fantasy genre. it isn’t great literature  and nothing about its technical merits makes it befitting of even a fraction of its unprecedented success. '      'fine...acknowledged. and? so what!'      'the virtue of this story is the postive feelings it conjures in its readers. harry’s story is something that radiates acceptance  inclusion  and friendship. it invokes a sense of belonging. inside these pages  you can find the impetus to see the better angels of humanity’s nature  and feel just a little better about the world around you.'      'how is that not worthy of praise?'      'as for harry himself  he’s just a good kid. the quintessential everyman who makes good. a loving boy with a clear head on his shoulders and a caring heart that pumps affection for the world around him. he’s someone you can’t help but like. '      'he’s not perfect. he makes mistakes  he’s occasionally short sighted  and i know many of us wish he would stick up for himself a little more. maybe reduce his aunt and uncle to a pair of fatty stains on the carpet  or give dudley an atomic wedgie until his skivvies scrape against his pancreas. '      'but that’s not harry. he’s a better person than that. that’s why we love him. '      'maybe all of the above is a bit much. like i said  i was feeling nostalgic and maybe the gush got a tad away from me. let’s just say that these stories are perfect comfort food and reading them will make you happy. '      'i’ll certainly settle for that. '      'as for the rating  i initially only gave this first volume 3 stars  and i’m not going to change that now. as much as i love the series as a whole  i don’t think it reaches stratospheric heights until '  harry potter and the goblet of fire  '. '      'still  this is where it all began. as such  it should be read and savored knowing that it only gets better.'      '3.0 stars. highly recommended. '    ' '][' '  how can more than half of my goodreads friends be wrong with this?      'i have to get this right. as of this writing  i have '  98  ' goodreads friends. '  61 (62%)  " of them have read j. k. rowling's "  harry potter and the sorcerer's stone  '. out of those who read this  '  39 (64%)  ' rated this with 5 stars. '  11  ' of them with 4 stars. all the others gave 3 or 2. only 2 rated this with 1 star. one of them admitted not being able to finish it. '  she should not have rated it really since she did not read its entirety. (but she is my friend and it is her right  so why question?)      'when the book came out in 1998  i was not yet a bookworm so i brushed this aside. i read only those books that my brother told me to read. he was the bookworm but he would not be caught reading any book being pushed by media hype. however  when warner bros. released the film adaptation in 2001  my daughter was 6 years old and i thought that  since there was too much hype  the movie must be good and we would have a memorable time with our first ever father-daughter movie date. i was wrong. she not only got scared because of the darkness inside the movie house but she trembled with fear during the life-size human chess game  in that scene when ron was sacrificed. we left the movie in that scene with my daughter crying and me cursing it: '  
i will never read harry potter
  '.'      'my daughter is now 15 going 16. she is not fond of movies and she still does not show interest on reading harry potter. however  i am now a bookworm and the other week  i was with my 4 goodreads friends and 3 of them raved (two of them  again) about harry potter books. oh well  first-time fathers can make mistakes about first movie date with their daughters  book 1 is included in 500 must read books and the book must be a quick read. so the following day  i bought my copy.'      "after 13 years of the book's existence and me ignoring it  did i finally make a good decision of reading it? are all of those 39 friends of mine in goodreads wrong in giving this 5 stars? most of them did not bother writing a review. maybe those would be too long or maybe they read this when they were not in goodreads yet. but i am in goodreads already so i can make this review long."      'these are what some of them say:'   it was a great book i enjoyed reading it  ' for an eloquent reviewer  she must have been too happy to express herself. '   such a great story and creative way of writing. i love harry potter.   ' yes  i agree about the story being great and j. k. rowling being creative. '   i was secretly wishing i was studying in hogwarts too! it was silly  but i was simply enraptured by harry potter. honestly  i still am :) it was a great book. i enjoyed reading it  ' coming from one of my favorite reviewers in goodreads. i do not share her wanting to be a sorcerer though. '   honestly  i don't know anybody who'd refuse to even entertain the thought of attending a school for wizards.  ' another one of my favorite reviewers. that seems to have nailed this. young people wanting to be in hogwarts and study sorcery. that should be it! the world seems to be a dreadful place that we would all like to have powers to turn our enemies into frogs  pigs  ride on a broomstick and get the snitch and earn points (money) for our family!'      "oh well  the bible says that sorcery is satan's work. the book even used the word transfiguration as a subject in the sorcery school. blasphemy."      'just kidding. this is a work of fiction and i am not too old to appreciate it. i was just kidding. to be frank  i tried hard not to like this. i thought that giving this a 1 or 2 will freak out my friends and somehow get votes from those who are  up to now  ignoring this book. '  i told you so! why waste your time?   '. however  unless you are a grumpy old man/woman  there is nothing not to like about this book. i maybe too old for it but hey  talent is talent and j. k. rowling '  has  ' it!'      'my 39 friends are indeed right!          ']['                        english ('  harry potter and the philosopher's stone  ') / italiano'        let me dream.  i'm reading for the first time this book to my daughter (6 years old)  but for me (37 years old) it's the third time i read "harry potter and the philosopher's stone". everyone should read this book  if only to realize why the phenomenon "harry potter" has spread. with an essential and enjoyable style  j.k. rowling catapults the reader into a fantasy world  populated by wizards and flying broomsticks  unicorns and talking hats. a world where even the most complicated topics  such as the death  are treated with delicate gentleness.   «after all  to the well-organized mind  death is but the next great adventure»  ' words of albus dumbledore  the master of life and the most charismatic character of the universe created by rowling. an universe where your worst misfortune is to be a non-magical  a sad "'  muggle  '" who will never be able to see the platform nine and three quarters.'  let me dream.  vote: 10          lasciatemi sognare.  mentre leggo per la prima volta a mia figlia (6 anni) questo volume  personalmente (37 anni) sono alla terza rilettura di "harry potter e la pietra filosofale". tutti dovrebbero leggere questo libro  quantomeno per rendersi conto del perché si sia diffuso il fenomeno "harry potter". con uno stile godibilissimo ed essenziale j.k. rowling catapulta il lettore in un mondo fantastico  popolato da maghi e scope volanti  unicorni e cappelli parlanti. un mondo dove perfino i temi più complicati come la morte vengono trattati con delicata leggerezza.   «in fin dei conti  per una mente ben organizzata  la morte non è che una nuova  grande avventura»  ' ci dice silente  il maestro di vita  la figura più carismatica dell\'universo creato dalla rowling. un universo dove la sfortuna più grande è quella di essere un non magico  un triste "'  babbano  '" che non sarà mai in grado di vedere il binario nove e tre quarti.'  lasciatemi sognare.  voto: 10  ' ']["                        this book was okay. i didn't hate it or love it either way  though towards the end i realized how lukewarm i felt about the story since i would prefer to read any other book i had on hand. i appreciate the level of novelty in the world-building during the time this was first published. the friendship between the trio is cute. hermione and ron are fun characters and i might have enjoyed the book more if they had been the main protagonists. downsides: i cringed at the excessive fatphobia  anti-semitism  and the turban part. i also didn't like that the final action of the book got skipped over quickly by having a fade-to-black moment and then a lengthy explanation told by one of the side characters. it felt like such an abrupt way to end the story... but tbh  i was glad to be done with it so i could move on to other books lol.          "][' '  
❝this boy will be famous. there won't be a child in our world who doesn't know his name.❞
      'everyone grew up with harry potter. they read all the books when they were young and watched all the films. they would re-watch and re-read them. they would fall in love with the wizarding world and would completely adore harry  ron  and hermione. they would talk about them non stop  about hogwarts  about its teachings  about them wanting to become students there and pretending they are  about joining the hp fandom  about loving every character and instantly missing the world. everyone would adore harry potter and knew about it since they were young ones.'      except me.  ' '      "i didn't grow up with harry potter. not because i didn't get to  but because i chose not to. i know  it's like living a life where everything has been a lie. worse even. it's just  the movies would appear on my tv. from the first one  to the next and the next  and every time i saw the trailer for the upcoming one  i wouldn't be interested and would skip it when i came to it. i wouldn't bother and wouldn't care  and that made a big problem in my life now. here i am now  being left out because of such poor choices and decisions i made when i was 7  8  9  and older until now. but now  as 2016 and having over 500 friends that are caught up and have read the recently published novel  "  harry potter and the cursed child   ' i have finally read the first book and am able to continue the series and watch the films. now  here i am  wishing to go back to my past and change this nightmare and actually watch the films or read the books because i have literally missed on so much  missed too much  and have been missing too much. i have been out of this world and never realized how good it is  and how special it already has become.'      
there is no good and evil  there is only power  and those too weak to seek it.
      'i find it stupid of me to write a review for harry potter  especially being the first one. i also find it stupid of me how i just recently decided to check this out and finally read it. but still  i guess i can still write a review. of course  my thoughts would be quite similar to everyone else. thoughts and opinions  nothing negative  maybe  maybe not. but  here goes nothing.'      harry potter  " is one of the most famous  loved  and top series out there. it is loved  adored  cherished  and amazing for hp fans every time they read it. no matter how many times it is read  it fills the person's heart with warmth and happiness  as they are going back to the wizarding world. as for me  i have finally entered it and feel young and new and early to this  because i am new to this all."    "other than that  harry potter is considered a children's book but in my opinion  it's in between middle grade and young adult because it can be hard to read for some. although it was very very easy for me to read and understand  i see myself reading this all these years before and having a lot of trouble pronouncing some names. "      'harry potter  a story about a young wizard that didn\'t even know he was a wizard. harry potter  a 10 year-old boy  who turned 11  is living with his horrible  rude and awful "family"  the dursleys. mrs. dursley is known as harry potter\'s mother\'s sister. the problem is  they didn\'t like each other  nor blend in with each other. they were different. her sister was a witch  while she was just a muggle  a person who cannot seek the magic and find it  nothing and no one special because they aren\'t able to turn things into other things  aren\'t able to fly on a broom  cast a robe on fire  defeat a villain  confuse a troll  aren\'t able to do anything  really. well  she wasn\'t  besides treat harry with such disrespect and treat her ugly and fat son with such caress and would spoil him because he was such a little brat that would get what he wants. really though. there would be 36 presents under a christmas tree and as he counts them  he pouts and is upset because it\'s less than what he had the year before. '      'dude i barely get a barnes and noble gift card chill!'      "the reason for harry living with this family and having to go trough all this trouble and mess  is because he was actually given to them by professor albus dumbledore  known as one of the greatest wizards and the headmaster of hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry. when harry was a baby  his parents were killed by everyone-knows-who but as he tried killing harry  he really wasn't able to. his mother was killed because she was trying to stop him  but as he tried killing harry  he couldn't bare to do it and left him a scar  the scar that has made harry known and popular for surviving this evil person. once saved and taken  the only people they can rely on are the dursleys  and as harry grows  they expect them to tell him he is a wizard and tell him everything and fix all the lies. except they don't."      "as days pass  harry has been getting letters from someone he doesn't know. he doesn't know who it is and what they want  but he knows there is something going on  due to the amount of letters being sent. after getting the chance to open the first one  his uncle vernon decides to snatch it away from him  read it  and burn it. he knows  he knows who it is and what they want  but he doesn't want harry to know. but even with him burning letter by letter and collecting them all  letters keep arriving and arriving  until the person finally shows up face-to-face with the dursleys and harry on his 11th birthday."      "he's huge  introduced as a half-giant and half-human  known as rubeus hagrid. hagrid is the one who tells harry the truth  telling him he is a wizard  and a well-known one as well. he's got talent  and has some of the same abilities as his parents. one being a witch and the other being a wizard  harry is known as a wizard as well. and as hagrid tells him the truth  harry does too. "  he doesn't know what he is talking about and doesn't know what is going on.  " he doesn't believe he is a wizard  and doesn't believe the reason for his parent's deaths. but of course  hagrid decides to tell him the truth and tell him his parents did not die on a car crash  for that seemed impossible  but they were killed by everyone-knows-who and is the reason for his scar."      'his aunt  finally admitting herself into being a witness of knowing the truth  got everything out of her chest and was able to tell him the truth. she wouldn\'t even mention her sister  because she pretended to not have one. she was considered perfect and brave  while she was nothing and unnoticed. nothing has changed  but she didn\'t even bother trying to care care of her niece as her sister is dead  protecting harry from wherever she is. and as hagrid tells harry the rest  he actually takes harry with him even when mr. dursley "forbids him." he can\'t do anything  since he is a muggle and harry has already been accepted to hogwarts school and nothing can change. '      'when harry leaves with hagrid  they go and buy him what he needs  including clothes and supplies for the school. as they go to the shop  he is introduced as harry himself but is instantly known by everyone else. everyone is pleased to meet him and feel proud because they have shaken his hand. he\'s famous  his name is everywhere  and he can be considered a legend for what happened. but even with all this going on  harry is still a little confused and figuring things out. as harry and hagrid get what they need  it\'s time for harry to go to school  where he meets ron weasley  as to what i know  one of his best friends. ron is small  red-haired  has freckles  pale  and has two twin brothers going to hogwarts with him. he\'s not accepted into the other groups  and that is why he blends in with harry and becomes his friend. harry also meets hermione granger  known as someone annoying and as a nightmare to them both because of how bossy and unrealistic she can be. of course  they are all so small and hermione is a little nerd that enjoys every teaching at this school  so i was just like "we get it." '      'days pass  and harry is being trained. he\'s a neutral to broom-stick flying  is able to play quidditch  the most popular game in hogwarts  is given special supplies  and is of course  known by everyone. other than that  harry suspects his own secrets and wants to find out truths  but in order to do that  he must find a way to find them and figure them out. with the help of his two friends  he might just be able to figure out the real reason behind him being a wizard  more about his parents  history about himself  who this "you-know-who" person is  remember his past  and see how his life really will be changed  forever.'      
humans do have a knack of choosing precisely those things that are worst for them.
      'harry potter was easy to read  understand  and there was no hesitation when it came to rating it 5 stars. now  i hate myself once again and ask myself  again  "why the fuck did i not read this earlier?" the answer is obvious  because i already know it and it\'s because i was never a fan of it. i hate speaking about my past  but this is one ugly past and i hate it. i hate the choice i made and i hate myself for allowing it. but soon i\'ll get over it and will be able to re-read this as many times as i will be able to during my last 3 years of being a teen. yes  a 15 year-old that has not read harry potter simply because she chose not to when she was able to and when she was young. '  pathetic.      "the fantasy is cute  i will say. it's easy to understand and the book is easy to fly through. it's not long  it's not hard  and it's not boring. it's gripping  fun  and everything is filled with some kind of magical element that has me turning page by page. having no regrets anywhere  i am finally able to talk about hp and the world of wizards  where students learn how to make potions  talk to ghosts  learn about other creatures  transform things into other things  read minds  become invisible  fly in the air with a broomstick  play soccer in the air  have a feast and enjoy it all  learn magic  have a wand  and just be filled with happiness because of the friends and families considered in the houses. well  i guess in most."      "everything was fun to read. i laughed at some parts and found the story to be more affective to me as harry was figuring out his new and changed life. he was confused  but he found out a lot more. there's still more  but i know that as he grows  i will be able to follow along the late ass journey and see where he grows to and how. i'll see how strong he gets and find out some strengths and weakness'. i'll be able to join an invisible magic carpet and fly through the series because i just want to know what happens next and how everything goes. i want to see harry become a better person and be able to prove draco and his stupid friends wrong about what they think. i want his friendship with ron to grow and become stronger. i want hermione to stop being so talkative and take a little break of being so bossy. but more importantly  i want to have a fun journey reading this and feeling like i'm on an adventure. reading it for the first time feels like one. i've never watched the films. i've watched parts  but skipped them. now  i won't skip anything. it's like an adventure where i'm dived in and can't seem to leave because i'm so alive and intrigued."      "what can i say about harry potter that others have not said? nothing. reviews are always similar  and this one might be too. everyone loves it  and so did i. so will i  i should say.   yes  i had trouble pronouncing some names at first but got used to it after. yes  i rolled my eyes at times because there were moments where i was annoyed. but nothing was boring  and even when i rolled my eyes  there was a reason for that eye rolling scene. maybe it was hermione being annoying  or draco being a rude boy  mocking an adorable red-haired. or both. but i was also laughing. i would always laugh when it came to hagrid. since the beginning  i instantly loved him and considered him hilarious. i love how he turned dunley into a pig but failed because he was already too much of a pig. i remember laughing and noticing my parents looked at me weirdly  but that's okay because i needed a novel where i was happy and ended up laughing at times. oh and also  hagrid is honestly so nice and adorable guys  i love him. he's so funny and protective and is such a good friend to harry. i loved everything he did for him and was glad he was the first one to introduce himself to harry. he cared for him since he was a baby and saw him as 11  bring him a present and giving him another one at the end. "      "ron is honestly the cutest. i don't understand how anyone could be mean to him. he may be weak  but he has his own strengths. he's so adorable and small and i hated how draco treated him. there were some times unnecessary and i hated draco for it  but i'll probably end up loving draco some time throughout the series and probably regret it because i know he's still gonna be really mean throughout the series. i'm sure. i haven't spoiled myself  so i have no idea how his or anyone else's life goes  but i do know that he changes in some way. hermione is a small and cute nerd as well  but sometimes i hated how sassy she was and bossy. she hated losing points for her house and because she  ron  and harry were in the same house  they had to work together and find a way to become friends to find out other truths and earn points for gryffindor. she took everything very serious and showed off at times because of her perfect test grades and assignments  but i was glad she was able to put up with ron and harry while they put up with her."      "malfoy draco was someone i did not like  at all. like i said  he mocked and made fun of ron and i hated him for it. he showed off as well but in the bad way  thinking he was really cool just because he's in slytherin and how used to the wizarding world he is. he didn't show much care about harry and his past  and would try to get in a fight with harry while harry tried fixing the problem. he payed no attention and took it too far with harry. he was a newbie as well  so i don't see what the point was. but the other point is that i don't have expectations for draco but i hope i don't end up hating him in all books and hope there is some change  at least slightly good."      "the friendship between harry  ron and hermione was probably one of my favorites. i know it didn't work out at first and they honestly hated her  but i was so happy it literally had to work toward the middle. thanks to the troll  she became their friend and actually was able to cooperate with them. she didn't yell at them for fighting the troll  but instead told them to be careful and send word if anything goes wrong when harry went for the mirror again. as it was ending  she was saying goodbye to harry and ron and was even awkward because she couldn't really figure out what to say. but also  my heart was really happy when she hugged harry because it felt real and it felt like something i had been waiting since the beginning. it was friendship goals as they were becoming friends  and it just made me happy seeing them all together  same house  same team  same classes. "      "the writing of course is  like i said  easy to understand. there were no words that were confusing in any way or words that got me mixed up because of how similar they sounded  and there were no problems. i didn't know what was gonna happen next and i know books are always better than movies  but i will watch the films after or after finishing one book just to see the differences. i hear they are kind of the same  just that the book provides some more information and detail. like always  it's no surprise. "      
there are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other  and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.
      'overall  i am so proud of myself for getting the first book over with  now wanting the 2nd and the 3rd and the rest. really excited to see where this all goes to  and how harry becomes a better wizard.          ']["                        as wonderful and magical as promised. because i didn't remember the movie  the third act of the book was a delightful surprise to me."      "i wish i'd had this book when i was a kid  because the idea that someone could be special without knowing it  and then get to visit a special world where the things that made him different were the same things that made him awesome would have been really inspiring to me."      "anne's finishing this  too  and i have to wait for her before i start in on the second book ... hurry up anne!          "]["                        publishers have my sympathy. if i try to put myself in the place of an editor picking this manuscript from the pile i can say with some certainty that i would not have recognized it as the ticket to a multi-billion dollar prize. i would have thought to myself that it was a good fun read  revisiting the magic-school trope and doing a fine job for children in the 8 to 12 range. if i hadn't had anything better land on my desk i might have published it  but then again  like quite a number of publishers  i might have passed in favour of a book i liked better."      "i read this maybe 15 years back so i could share in what was exciting my three kids at the time. and i've read it twice to my daughter  celyn. we read the first 5 some years back  and now she's 12 we're going to read the whole lot. she's very disabled and can't read for herself (she can't hold the book or see the page for starters...) "      "having just finished i've checked the shelves to discover we have two copies of book 1 and two copies of book 3  but none of book 2. so jkr will be getting some more of my money shortly!"      "to the review... i liked the book. i have no idea why it has sold a gazzilion copies more than any other children's book or why so many adults are so taken with it. jkr writes solid enough prose  though her addiction to adverbs in dialogue tags irks me no end  he said testily. she writes a fun and inventive story  though the internal inconsistencies would have distressed me even as a child. why do the finest wizards in the land leave a great treasure guarded only by a series of puzzles rather than actual defences? if in the final scenes the puzzle poem hadn't been left to give the solution to the potion test ... or the key hadn't been left in the same room as the door that wouldn't yield to magic ... would that not have been a better way to defend the treasure? yes ... it was more fun this way  but ... dammit ... kids aren't stupid..."      "but yes  funny and inventive magic  school dynamics of making friends and enemies  the hijinx  the evil baddie  the chosen one... it's all good. celyn certainly enjoyed it. she's on team hermionie."      "the only other thing that really bothered me was the repeated insinuation  present even in the term itself  that 'muggles' are somehow lesser. that the random gift of magical ability somehow makes you better."      "i remember that later on (and hinted at in this book) the idea of mud-bloods (wizards born of muggles) is offered up as a proxy for racism and we're invited to condemn draco malfoy for his views (rightly so). but all the time i read this i'm feeling the hypocrisy embodied in the whole idea of muggles  which  albeit voiced without open malice  is really the same damn thing. "      "i will report back on book 2 when we're done."        ' '  join my 3-emails-a-year newsletter #prizes        '.....          '][' '  can 35 million book buyers be wrong? yes.      "taking arms against harry potter  at this moment  is to emulate hamlet taking arms against a sea of troubles. by opposing the sea  you won't end it. the harry potter epiphenomenon will go on  doubtless for some time  as j. r. r. tolkien did  and then wane."      "the official newspaper of our dominant counter-culture  the new york times  has been startled by the potter books into establishing a new policy for its not very literate book review. rather than crowd out the grishams  clancys  crichtons  kings  and other vastly popular prose fictions on its fiction bestseller list  the potter volumes will now lead a separate children's list. j. k. rowling  the chronicler of harry potter  thus has an unusual distinction: she has changed the policy of the policy-maker."      'imaginative vision'      'i read new children\'s literature  when i can find some of any value  but had not tried rowling until now. i have just concluded the 300 pages of the first book in the series  "harry potter and the sorcerer\'s stone " purportedly the best of the lot. though the book is not well written  that is not in itself a crucial liability. it is much better to see the movie  "the wizard of oz " than to read the book upon which it was based  but even the book possessed an authentic imaginative vision. "harry potter and the sorcerer\'s stone" does not  so that one needs to look elsewhere for the book\'s (and its sequels\') remarkable success. such speculation should follow an account of how and why harry potter asks to be read.'      'the ultimate model for harry potter is "tom brown\'s school days" by thomas hughes  published in 1857. the book depicts the rugby school presided over by the formidable thomas arnold  remembered now primarily as the father of matthew arnold  the victorian critic-poet. but hughes\' book  still quite readable  was realism  not fantasy. rowling has taken "tom brown\'s school days" and re-seen it in the magical mirror of tolkein. the resultant blend of a schoolboy ethos with a liberation from the constraints of reality-testing may read oddly to me  but is exactly what millions of children and their parents desire and welcome at this time.'      'in what follows  i may at times indicate some of the inadequacies of "harry potter." but i will keep in mind that a host are reading it who simply will not read superior fare  such as kenneth grahame\'s "the wind in the willows" or the "alice" books of lewis carroll. is it better that they read rowling than not read at all? will they advance from rowling to more difficult pleasures?'      'rowling presents two englands  mundane and magical  divided not by social classes  but by the distinction between the "perfectly normal" (mean and selfish) and the adherents of sorcery. the sorcerers indeed seem as middle-class as the muggles  the name the witches and wizards give to the common sort  since those addicted to magic send their sons and daughters off to hogwarts  a rugby school where only witchcraft and wizardry are taught. hogwarts is presided over by albus dumbeldore as headmaster  he being rowling\'s version of tolkein\'s gandalf. the young future sorcerers are just like any other budding britons  only more so  sports and food being primary preoccupations. (sex barely enters into rowling\'s cosmos  at least in the first volume.)'      '----------------------------'      'the first half of a little piece i wrote from the '  journal  ' in july 2000. rest is available at ['  http://wrt-brooke.syr.edu/courses/205...  '].          ']['                        re-read again  this time it was the illustrated edition!          ']['                        in 2020  i decided to reread the harry potter series again with friends in the retro chapter chicks group. as adults we lead busy lives. there are infinite numbers of books published and with this lack of time  we need something magical  especially in the winter months when the sun doesn’t shine as much in the northern hemisphere. my solution to the winter doldrums was revisiting harry potter’s magical world even if for some of us like myself it is at least the 20th time reading the series. magic has a way of brightening one’s day and in any saga you can pick up new intricacies with each read through. the best part will be the discussions afterward but after all these times there is nothing like hearing “you’re a wizard  harry”  and there is something magical in hearing those words as i began my reading year on new year’s day. '      'i have read harry potter more times than i have fingers and toes  and all four of my kids have read the entire series through twice. they have indulged in fan fiction and been sorted into houses on pottermore. at this point  i have two slytherins  two ravenclaws  and my husband who is determined to take test again because he was inadvertently sorted into hufflepuff. of course  he claims it’s ok because dwayne “the rock” johnson is supposedly also in hufflepuff. that is how much harry potter has permeated society  to the point where the gulf between the books and fan fiction is at an all time low. harry potter was first published in 1998 and has been around my entire adult life. imagine if it existed when i was my kids’ ages and had the luxury of reading for the first time at age five or six. by this point in my life  i would have the entire series memorized the way i can rattle off lines from the original star wars trilogy verbatim. like star wars  harry potter is timeless. it was also written by an author who was unsure if it would be successful and initially only submitted the first book to be published. how wrong was j.k. rowling when it came to betting on herself as more than twenty years later she has created an entire empire out of her franchise. '      'there is something about adolescence that places a child in a gap between childhood and adulthood that makes it a magical time in one’s life. just yesterday my twelve-year-old daughter noted that she wants to be an adult because she’s too old to be a kid but too young to drive or do adult things. point taken. what i have always loved about this first installment besides discovering about the magical world for the first time is how young harry and his friends are. he notes at one point to ron and hermoine that dumbledore gave them the tools to succeed and it was up to them to complete their tasks. just as in real life an adolescent needs guidance  they are also capable of doing many things on their own  but they are oh so needy. like harry was when he didn’t know how to get to platform 9 3/4 or how to mount a broomstick or how any of the first year students still are in need of a helping hand of the prefects to show them the way as they navigate hogwarts for the first time. having kids in this age range allows for me to think wow  parents are allowing their eleven year old children to go away for school. they are entrusting others to help raise their children in this big  scary world that we live in. and the children in turn become independent at a younger than usual age  fostering layers upon layers of character development that rowling employs even from this first book. it is little wonder that i was giddy to get started with the series again. '      'in this 2020 reading i have noticed yet again that rowling has set the stage for events that will come later on in the series. they can be as mundane as the mention of nicholas flamel on the back of a chocolate frog card  or as crucial as harry noting that snape appears to be able to read minds. knowing what we know about snape and his character development makes me laugh at this line  only because i know of all the adventures that will occur and how snape is either in the way or foiled by harry in the end. i also noticed this time around the gulf between love and evil and that harry’s mother’s love for him is something voldemort can not understand. the stage is set for the interplays between harry and snape and the many iterations of voldemort here in the first book  and one needs to read carefully so as not to miss anything. reading this many times  i still managed to gain something new  and i think this time around  my key theme will be the characterization of every character  major and minor  and the nuances in dialogue between various personas. harry having an aha moment about hagrid might have been lost to me at age twenty but i get immediately and find myself chuckling a bit at age forty. as the books get longer and darker  these conversations which i once thought were fillers will become all the more important to the development of the plot  and i look forward to reaching them later in the series. '      'i am thankful that i have finally reached a stage where i am captivated by a plethora of books  not just one series like i was as a younger  less experienced reader or when i had little time for hefty books when i had young children in the house. i am glad that j.k. rowling created this world so that kids can foster a love of reading and become lifelong readers. for that  nineteen years later  i can still turn to harry in times of need and be grateful that harry  ron  and hermoine will always be there for readers in need of an escape from the vagaries of everyday life. i recently bought the series for myself so i can turn to this ultimate comfort read in times of need and not be reliant upon the library for my copy. being able to read a whole book in a day or favorite passages is pure magic to say the least. so in 2020 i will be undertaking seven years of magic again. the kids are at a stage when they read from the teen section of the library and i find myself craving children’s books. needless to say i need some magic in my life as i read about other teenagers and adolescents as a means of escaping the everyday stress that comes with raising kids that age of my own. it should be a fun journey and now that i have book 1 under my belt again  i look forward to spending a good chunk of my 2020 reading year inside of hogwarts. '      'as always  5 stars          '][' '    'i’m putting aside precious reading time to try and formulate a review for y’all so you should be '  grateful  ' (and not attack me for my rating)'      'so clearly  i had a very very sad childhood since i had not read harry potter  percy jackson  or any other of those “must-read-or-else-you-never-experienced-happiness-as-a-child” kind of books. but i was actually a pretty happy kid. go figure. '            'harry potter #1 was a '  good  ' book. it was fascinating  it was adventurous  it was different  and it was also average.'      'now  i don’t mean average in a bad way  i mean that there was nothing in the book that made me '  gasp  ' or cry or shout out in frustration or anticipation. it was a good book  nothing more nothing less.'          (s)  ' '      'i just want to say !! all of your judgement is clouded by your nostalgia !! – there i said it  bye. '      'everyone read this book as a kid  and yes that’s awesome im '  soooooooo  ' happy for you and that you get to experience your childhood all over again with rereads. however comma as a person who’s reading this book with purely unbiased (im giving myself too much credit here) eyes  i have come to the professional conclusion that this book will not in fact knock your woolen socks off. '      'but it’s definitely fun to read. '      'the writing is clear  it’s easy to binge  its short and to the point without over-wordy prose. the plot was interesting. the characters were fun (thought harry potter is suffering from a serious case of special snowflake syndrome). '      'so yes  it was a nice read. but so were many other books i read this year and this one definitely didn’t instill some newfound love in my soul for magic and wizards and woolen socks – i already have enough there  initially. '          (s)  ' '      'i’m just fricken glad i’m starting to get all the references all you muggles throw around all the time. '      'don’t worry  i will most definitely be continuing with this series. :)))'       “it takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies  but just as much to stand up to our friends.”       '3 stars!!'        '~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~'      "yes  you read that right. i'm finally starting this series after years of ignorance. (more like i've been bullied into this)"      "but hey  now i'll know what the colourful hat sorting names mean. :)))"       buddy read  ' with the wonderful  '  lacy  ' and '  peer  ' '  pressure  ' ']['                        i think everyone has that one book that made you fall in love with reading  one book that opened your eyes to a world beyond the one in which you live  one book that burrowed itself inside your heart and became a part of you  one book that will forever feel like coming home every time you read it. '      'i know im not original when i say harry potter is that one book (and series) for me  but this is what got me into reading. it gave me a childhood far more magical and imaginative than i could have ever asked for. the series taught me the value of empathy  that courage comes in many different forms  the importance of having and being a true friend  that love is the greatest power above all  and most importantly  it taught me to believe in magic. i would not be who i am today without this book and i love that stories have the power to do that  to change lives for the better. '      'i owe so much to this little book that became such a massive part of my life. and to think it all started with a young boy who lived under the stairs.     ↠ 5 stars  ' '][' '  current project:   're-reading hp. '      my history:   'i was a young adult when this first book came out  and the print book never really grabbed me when i gave it a try. i found that i very much enjoyed the american audiobooks with jim dale narrating  however  so i read the first few books this way. but this came to an end when i misplaced the fourth book and no longer had a long commute--i never did reach the end of that wretchedly long quidditch game  so i gave up. '      "but here it is  2015 and i'm trying again! this time i'm doing the wonderful stephen fry narration on audio. it's interesting to come into these books after all this history  both in the sense of the cultural impact of these stories as well as the knowledge of how much children's lit  as art and as industry  has changed for the better because of them. "      re-read reaction: 3.5 stars      "with this first book (and i suspect with the next few)  i still feel the way i did before. i admire the incredibly imaginative ideas so much  but the writing isn't quite as rich or the character development isn't quite as deep/emotional as i'd like just yet. it's a pretty straightforward story  albeit one embellished with fantastic details. "      'but '  i love hermione granger  "  always have  and i've heard the later books are much darker. and it's still a lovely experience to have the books read to me like a bedtime story. "      my favorite parts  ' of this book: '      'the mirror of erised  owl post (pleeease may i have an owl)  and the thing hidden under the turban. and:'      
it takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies  but just as much to stand up to our friends.
      'well done  neville. you deserved the same number of house points as the other children  in my book.           ']['                        re-read 1/17/19: when dumbledore awards neville 10 points for standing up to his friends  rt if u cry'      're-read on 5/31/16: read the illustrated edition for the first time and i am feeling things'      "re-read on 9/9/14: love rereading this series and coming upon all the little details i've forgotten. obviously  all the stars          "]['                        #adamrereadshp '      "first time i'm reading this series from start to finish since ten years ago! sorcerer's stone is even more charming and funnier and brilliantly plotted than i remembered  and that said  it's still my least favorite of the series  which is only odd to me because the first books in a series are often my favorite. but in the case of harry potter  this exciting rollercoaster only goes up."      "i'm still not a huge hagrid fan. i found him less annoying than i did as a teen  and i'm excited to see if the series changes my impressions of him and dobby (who i also wasn't a huge fan of). my love for mcgonagall has already doubled and wow  i forgot how petty draco can be. "      'love this book. excited for chamber of secrets. '      '(audiobook by jim dale.)           '][' '  first read:  ' 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟'    second read:  ' 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 // buddy read with the lovely '  ines  ' 💕'      "i think i enjoyed the book even more when reading it the second time around! i now ship ron and hermione b/c they're just adorable together 😊 "      rating:  ' ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ / 5 stars '    lead male character:  ' ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ / 5 stars (everyone) ★ ★ ★ and a half (snape)'    lead female character:  ' ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ / 5 stars (everyone) '    plotline:  ' ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ / 5 stars '    genre:  ' fantasy  middle-grade  wizards '    will i recommend this book to others?:  ' yes '    will i reread this book?:  " yes  pff i've reread it already lol"    overall story summed up in one word:  ' fantabulous '      '• original review below • '      '~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ '      1 000 000 million stars!            i'm going to hit myself on the head.  " why? well  because i'm "  stupid.  " i've always told myself that harry potter might be something that i won't like  something i won't enjoy. in my head  i kept telling myself that wizards just aren't my thing and all that stupid shit. i honestly don't know why i did that though. but i finally got over my doubt and picked this up and i'm speechless. in a good way of course! it was super good! next time  for any book series i want to read  i shall never listen to that "  stupid little voice  ' in my head. i will read anything i want to anytime  anywhere! especially harry potter :) '            'first off  let me talk about harry potter. this guy  is '  fucking amazing.  " he is one of the few characters i've ever read about that no matter what  stays strong and doesn't let anyone influence him or change his view on things. and that's what i admire most about harry. if he thinks something isn't right  he sets his mind to it and tries to fix it  regardless of what others say around him. now me on the other hand  is the complete opposite. i'm the person that cowers behind people and stays quiet. i don't like drawing attention to myself. but harry really made me see that in certain circumstances  i need to raise my voice and stand up for what i believe is right. really  i could go on and on  but harry potter is just uhhh  i can't even put into words what i'm feeling right now! "            'next  ronald weasley is '  super adorable!  " he's funny and well  just ron. i love his personality and his quirkiness. i wish i had a friend like him. ron is just that kind of person that can make you laugh or turn a really serious situation into something funny and silly. it's always good to know a person like ron. sometimes they come in handy. also  i "  fucking suck at chess.  ' i have tried multiple times to play  but i will '  never  ' understand the rules and strategies of chess. ron seriously needs to give me a few lessons on how to play chess. '            'hermione granger: she knows her facts  studies hard  and is that '  know-it-all-type-of-girl.  ' at first  i thought she was so bratty. i have to admit  i wasn\'t really fond of her at first  but as the story progressed  i grew to like her. she\'s super nice and has harry and ron\'s backs no matter what. hermione is loyal and just uhhh  again i can\'t put into words how much i love this girl! plus  i have her wand. one of my aunts went to "the wizarding world of harry potter" in universal studios located in orlando  florida like  years ago. at the time  i\'ve of of hp but was never really interested in it. and she came back with hermione\'s wand  which looks super badass  if you ask me ;) so i\'m proud to say that i have some hp merchandise. to add  she also got me a hp bookmark that\'s a hook and you just hook it to the inside of your book. '            "hogwarts is so cool! it's scary yet beautiful at the same time! "            "i would go on about each individual character  but that would be too many words and by the time you get there  you'd probably already be asleep xd so i'll just leave it here. about the rest of all the characters in this book  each and everyone of them were wonderful! as well as the plot! and that surprise twist at the end  i never saw coming! magnificent book and can't wait to start book 2! :) "      '~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ '      "i feel so left out on the world harry potter and don't have a clue what people are talking about  so i think it's about time i read this baby. "  and please no spoilers! this is my first time reading the series xoxo :)      'super excited! '        ' ']["                        somehow  i managed to avoid the entire harry potter franchise my whole life  a fact i'm not proud of but am very happy about because i got to go into this book knowing absolutely nothing and it was spectacular. "      'i loved every moment of this book  it was fun and magical  and i got utterly lost in the wizarding world as i learnt all about it alongside harry. so clever  beautiful plot – this book series is iconic and for such good reason. '      'there’s not much else i could say that hasn’t already been said a million times before. this book series is a classic  and i am honoured to have read it. i am having the best time reading the books  i’ve already moved on to the rest of the series  and i cannot wait to be finished so that i can go back and reread them.          ']['                        ➽'  the gryffindor 20th anniversary reread:  ' june 2017'      "i know i said that june would be a month where i only read my arcs  but what kind of reader would i truly be if i didn't drop everything to reread a new edition of the series that made me a reader? and seriously  i couldn't resist even if i tried. look how breathtaking this gryffindor version is! "            'and the inside? the inside is even more spectacular! '      'each of these four versions  one for each of the different hogwarts houses  has a few special pages at the beginning and at the end to celebrate the love and glory of that house. '      "even though i'm constantly battling an internal crisis over the fact that the new sorting hat on pottermore put me in ravenclaw  i feel like i am and always have been a gryffindor. and i suppose that internal struggle  much like neville longbottom  is actually very gryffindor of me. "      "but i'm here to show you some of this glorious art in the gryffindor edition  while just trying to celebrate every piece of happiness that j.k. rowling and this life changing series has given us. i am beyond words of gratitude  so hopefully my pictures suffice. "                              'if you are interested in purchasing the gryffindor edition or any/all of the other four houses  you can order them at a reasonable price  and with free shipping  from book depository! '      hardcover:  ' '  gryffindor  ' | '  ravenclaw  ' | '  hufflepuff  ' | '  slytherin    paperback:  ' '  gryffindor  ' | '  ravenclaw  ' | '  hufflepuff  ' | '  slytherin      blog  ' | '  twitter  ' | '  tumblr  ' | '  instagram  ' | '  youtube  ' | '  twitch  ' '][' '  4.5 golden stars      'this book is the '  magical  ' gate to the '  wizarding world  '.'    'introducing this amazing unique world to us.'        "swish &amp; flick!"      "many of us dreamed of receiving our letter  going to hogwarts  learning magic  we bought our wands. i even sometimes shouted 'accio' to summon the objects i wanted. (& it never came  just... because... you know... i didn't swish my wand & also... we are not allowed to use magic outside the school. xd)"      'but you know...'    'we actually received our letter'    'we found platform 93⁄4'    'we attended hogwarts'    'we were sorted into houses'    'we were there together'    'all along'    'with harry potter'      'because...'      '★ we'    'are'    '★ potterheads'      'as stephen king said:'    “books are a uniquely portable magic.”      '& martin said:'      “a reader lives a thousand of lives.”        "so don't be sad potterheads  we were there!"              'this book '    'all these books '    'this world '    always  ' has a special place in my heart.❤'    '-'    "actually hp1 was the first 'novel' of my life. the one which made me a "  fantasy  ' '  bookdragon  '! i was 9; long ago  before there was a hype. so i just read it again & again.'    "so i remember my feelings  at the first read; like i remember i was thrilled because i thought that 'h' on the seal was because of harry's initial."        'take me back to my childhood  when everything seemed simpler...'    'this book & this series never gets old. still as excellent as my first read  even though i know all the details & even many of the sentences.'        'cute story  magical  brilliant  unique with many lovable characters in a magnificent castle & wonderful world.'          ' '  
"hogwarts will always be there to welcome you home"
      'every chapters; amazing. interesting. intriguing!'    'wonderful!'    'epic!'    'wow!!!'    'quidditch!'    'friendship!'      "there are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other  and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.”      'i love this quote!'      'i enjoy these stories happening in this world  the real world.'    'also the ones you can be sorted in the story & feel you are really there.'      'after this many times re-read i actually knew most of the sentences & of course i know what would happen next  but it is still as interesting & cute as the first time  even if the element of surprise is long gone for me; but i can completely remember which parts i stare at the book with an open mouth. :d'      14th re-read:  ' june 2018 was my first time that i tried hp in english (after so many times reading; 11 times for book 1 & 2 to 5-6 times for book 6 & 7) & i can say it was even more amazing.   "audiobook is like reading in the dark  isn't it?; you don't need light to stay up all night reading. xd"    '-'    'world building: ★★★★★/5'    'characters: ★★★★★/5'    '/ characters development: ★★★★★/5'    'written style: ★★★★/5'    '/ fun: ★★★★/5'    '/ feelz (mostly out of joy  like when "yer a wizard harry" but first chapter made me cry too (i loved james '  (view spoiler)  [&amp; he was dead from the beginning of story (i loved him since my first read  before knowing him as marauders. &amp; i know that's kind of weird... also... james &amp; lily were only 21😭 (hide spoiler)]  '): ★★★★★/5'    'plot: ★★★★/5'    'general idea: ★★★★★/5'    '-'    'where is my hogwarts letter?!'    '-'                  'you can see more edits on my hp instagram: '  heirofgryffindxr    '-'      'me before deciding to re-read hp ('  every time  '):'        '["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>["br"]>          ']['                        these never get old ❤️          ']['                        the first hp novel is already a classic. i have read it in the original english and the (slightly disappointing imho) french translation because my kid  just a few months after starting reading  plunged head first into this book and only resurfaced after the last one. i never made it past the 3td book but admittedly really enjoyed this book. it is the most light-hearted and funny of the series despite the darkness of the one who cannot be named. the universe created by rowling is one of the most complete and compelling ones ever for kids - that i will freely admit. i obviously would love to witness a quiddich match and go to a class dealing with mandrakes and eat in that fabulous dining hall. that being said  it seems to be quite a lonely life - the idealisation in a sense of pensions for kids of rich (or in this case) magical families is perhaps a tad disturbing when you want to be a more hands-on parent and these parents apparently have no issue with only seeing their kids on holidays and during the summer. i am not sure i could do that  but that is just me perhaps.'    'an extremely entertaining and memorable tale that my kids both adored in both book and movie form!'      "just finished reading hp1 aloud to my son in english and found it to be very enjoyable. the plot does stick together  the characters are endearing (i love ron's little side remarks about hermione in the beginning)  and the imagination rowling deployed to create this magical universe is astounding. i cannot believe that this first book is already 20 years old! it has really aged well. i cannot really point to any weaknesses at all. it was entertaining and a pure joy to share with my son - his first time through in english! i believe i will set a 2017-2018 goal to finish all 7 books this time around! finished #2 on audiobook so on to azkaban now.          "]["                        why oh why haven't i re-read this before? that was the best nostalgia train ride of my life."    '________________________ '      'this? this is '  everything.    'i wouldn\'t even be on here if i hadn\'t decided to randomly buy "that book with the cool-looking cover" all those long  long years ago— and for that  i thank you deeply and eternally  miss rowling.'      ' ']['                        do i even need to list all the reasons why this book was a joy to read? '    "the writing style was easy to read  but wasn't simple or standard. it still had its unique twist to it  which lead to me finally reading one of those books  where you just can't decide what age group it was written for. i genuinely believe that the story would be enjoyed by everyone; whether it's my 10-year-old brother or my grandma (who is about to turn 80) - they all would have a pleasant and joyful reading experience. i also totally did not expect to laugh so much while reading - there's some really dry and wonderful humor in here."      "despite this being my first time reading harry potter  the story wasn't new to me. i was a huge fan of the first five movies when they were released (but for some reason never bothered to watch the rest?? i don't understand my younger self...). my obsession was quite big for a while  but after the initial enthusiasm had ceased  i never watched any of them again. in retrospect i've got to say that this was a good thing  because i now got more and more excited every time i recognized a name or remembered a scene that came up. "      "if i had to criticize anything  it would be about the length of some of the more intense scenes. i guess they could have done with a bit more build-up. however  that's really just nitpicking  and the main reason for that complaint is my wish for the book to have more pages so i could be staying in this world for a longer duration and finding out more about the (lovely) characters."    "it also needs to be taken into consideration that this is just the first installment of a series with seven parts. looking at the length of some of the later books  i'm sure i will get my wish fulfilled in the near future.          "][' '  “he’ll be famous  a legend  there will be books written about harry  every child in our world will know his name!”this line was written 1997  in the very 1st chapter of the very 1st book of a series that been rejected by many publishers.   but i've talked about that before.    "so let's see here  with this beautiful illustrated edition "        'chapter by chapter  reviewing & analyzing -from my simple reader perspective- of the first harry potter book '   why this line isn't exaggerating. why this line came true..chapter one : the boy who lived    a two sides chapter..    'first  it starts'   “perfectly normal thank you very much”  ". what's supposed to be a normal day for a very normal man  mr. dursley.."        "mind his encounter with a peculiar cat that won't be “shoo”-ed."    '('  
-fun trivia
  '; '  that's the only encounter between the 2 stern characters  mr. dursley &amp; professor mcgonagall.-  ')'        'mind the owls’ hyperactivity during the day  mind those weird men in weirdest costumes.'    '('  -okay  in case you didn't read it before  it's october 31  1981  he may didn't mind much because of  you know  it's halloween day.  ')'      stranger things  ' started as we move to'   the other side  '  with the arrival of an old wizard to this normal street at night.'    "and the cat is a professor  a huge man in flying motorcycle  and a little boy became an orphan by an evil man's last curse."        "how and why  we don't know.. but this "  boy who lived   "that strange thing  must now lives with his last family  at this very normal man's."    'good luck harry '   doorbells dumbledore!!    a very interesting epic beginning. a fine example of how to grab attention without confusing readers with too much strangeness and complicated peculiar  invented names as most ya novels does.    -for example the “put-outer” that put out the light off street lamps  has a more complicated name but it used way later in the books-    also it's very well paced  perfectly split between normal life and magical one  which is the essence of the series....in this breaking dawn of urban fantasy as we know it.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
chapter 2 : the vanishing glasschapter 3 : letters from no onechapter 4 : the keeper of the keys
these chapters (first episode) are like normal  miserable drama.the boring -with minor strange events- life of the "seems normal / yet special" orphan boy who lives in the cupboard under the stairs at his mean relatives'. teased by his greedy  selfish  spoiled by parents  cousin “duddly”.          '('  
-fun trivia
  ';'   these chapters full with huge easter eggs of later books  mrs figg of book five/ snakes talk of book two “no snakes winking though”  &amp; did you notice the motorcycle's owner name in the 1st chapter?-  ')'    but this drama still very funny written in a way  aunt petunia stern acts and expressions for harry  harry’s wet responses  uncle vernon’s spoilings for dudley.. it's really full of wet  funny unforgettable lines.and these letters that came to harry when he turns 11  well  changed everything.(-fun trivia  '; '  urban myth that uncle vernon believed in; witches &amp; wizards can't cross the water.. well  how wrong that can be!-  )and this episode ends with the big revelation;and the pretty normal life is going to change forever for harry  thank you..very much.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
chapter 5 : diagon alleychapter 6 : the journey from platform nine and three-quarters    'now you know pretty enough of the harry potter back story  the dark vanquished wizard. and why everyone in this community were celebrating 10 years ago ‘the 1st chapter’  and why harry potter is famous.'    so here  bit by bit you step into this magical  unique world.cleverly  interestingly  this world is revealed to you  slowly as if told to 11 years old boy who has no clue of it.this  wizarding world   is no normal at all  thank you very much. it's huge realm and community  yet cleverly hidden in our own normal world.it'll give you wonder and fascination from how to reach it  till being part of it.and as harry learns about it  he will also meet these diversity of characters  specifically this amazing family  the weasley’s.    yeah this last line makes you feel that the author joining you the fun herself. it's hard to miss the fun sarcastic tone.    and  now you see  harry first lesson before getting to this strange school is this ;wizards and witches are pretty normal.. the same as you and me  everyone has the good and bad.. just what you choose to be is what define who you are.(-fun trivia  ';'   there's many easter eggs in the small details “like dumbledore’s chocolate frog information  which is vital this book  last book and even the next series” also for later books “like the silly rat spell that won't work on the rat”-  )~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
chapter 7 : the sorting hatchapter 8 : the potions masterchapter 9 : the midnight duel
now  amidst the strangeness of the wizarding world.. the humans there are so true and real. hence all the situations are true and realistic..these first 3 chapters at hogwarts gave me a strong nostalgia to my first days of almost every school  the college even workplaces.harry is 11 and his past normal life didn’t prepare him to hogwarts  this magnificent fantastic magical school. so the author's lingering on how harry feels  even how every first year students acts in totally perfect way  and funny too.no matter how was your experience  you will re-live it but in this magical atmosphere..even you might feel you have acquaintances  colleagues or friends like one of those harry potter's characters in one point or another there's always this simple true friendly type “ron” eager ambitious knows-it-all “hermione” smug bully peacock “draco” always lost and confused “neville” funny troublemakers “george and fred” authority lover “percy” this older "pet lover" who knew one of your relatives and being so kind to you as an uncle “hagrid” this older guy you feel he hates you for no reason at all “snape” this stern  all powerful yet super kind older woman “mcgonagall” and you don't meet the headmaster ‘or the boss’ pretty often when it's your first year..but he may be like a godfather to you later “dumbledore”.these chapters of the first weeks  first encounters with different so real  so human characters  first lessons  all are pretty remarkable and nostalgic.unforgettable lines; the potion master greeting harry.and very funny; harry confusion about midnight duel with malfoy.and hermione classic that the movie trailer made it even cinematic classic that many has been copying since.(-fun trivia  ';'   argus filch.. his first name in greek myth is to a guard with hundreds of eyes all over his body to see everywhere. well  argus alone-with a cat- watches the whole vast buildings and hallways of hogwarts..and you really can't escape him.there's also this theory about snape’s first 3 questions to harry is all related to the love of his life!!.-  )~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
chapter 10 : halloweenchapter 11 : quidditchchapter 12 : the mirror of erised
now  first half of the book is over   '-that fast?!!-'    the second half has been brewing slowly since early first half..    "remember there's some small package in ch.5  you read something about a failed stealing attempt in ch.8  then suspecting it might be the school's heavily guarded item in ch.9."    'with pure chances our harry potter witnessed it all so far.'    'now  also by chances  harry start to suspect someone trying to steal it  from the school.'      'it all start with a sequence of events that may some of it give you nostalgia  like having annoying knows-it-all colleague.'        'well  then  one thing after another '        'and we have a'   trio   ';'        'i want to be back in school already.'  told you  it's perfect blending between normal  and magic.and with this troll accident  this trio start suspecting the safety of whatever in the package at the third floor.in a agatha christie mystery style  investigations starts in magic school     "while playing magical sport that once you read its rules -twice-  you'll wish to play it "        'even if against the worst team ever  slytherin.'          'and while staying at school during christmas  this intimate atmosphere  '  the blessing of having wonderful friends who like a new family to you..    "even having family however they might be  but they're still your blood.. (as we’ll discuss that in later parts.)"        and above all  if we miss someone  the importance of not “dwelling” in the past as dumbledore said...(-fun trivia  ';'  ; the mirror of erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi.-  )and back to the plot.. harry is not only investigate the safety of the parcel  or why snape -harry’s main and only suspect- wants to steal it ; the trio also investigate the second owner of the parcel; he-who-next-chapter-is-named-after.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
chapter 13 : nicolas flamelchapter 14 : norbert the norwegian ridgebackchapter 15 : the forbidden forest
with this magical urban fantasy novel  comes a minor element of real historical figure and real life myth. nicolas flamel  and his philosopher’s stone.(-fun trivia; and this is “the one when every child in our world knows about the philosopher's stone” -expect in america. they insisted that it's just sorcerer’s stone.)that's may be one great aspect of mixing this fantastical fictional world with our real not-normal life  flamel is a real life alchemist  that mix of chemistry and magic.that's what makes harry potter a fine example of urban fantasy.and in these 3 chapters the investigations get more tense  with some events that put it in halt like  bad quidditch referee.or hagrid’s dangerous  forbidden hobbies.        -well  that's rich-        which get them- as flich would say -“in trouble”  a detention in the forbidden forest  meeting the centaurs and their mystic creepy speakings of how “mars was bright that night”.and finally there -which happens again by mere chance-  they will learn the real reason of the whole fuss around the parcel  the philosopher’s stone and who is behind the attempts to steal it.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
chapter 16 : through the trapdoorchapter 17 : the man with two faces
so now the perfect well structured mystery and investigations  and the cleverly paced school year comes to an end.right after the fast “nostalgic too” summing up of the exams days  which was so realistic so classic  and then  the plan is on after the exam. for the big action of this magical enchanting plot of the first book ; and with all the tension there  the spontaneous  natural  fun lines between the friends never ceased.even in the hardest parts can makes you smile.this amazing ultimate real meaning of friends completing one another.that’s what can really help in facing evil.. and not fearing death.. and choose well as professor dumbledore’s wise talk;and love  and being loved is the strongest power of all to face anything.so it was story of love  friendship  family and bravery.a perfect conclusion for a perfect first book in unforgettable breaking point in modern fantasy  young adult novels. and in novels history generally.a story that touched me personally  and may touched so many.. felt so connected to those amazing realistic characters..    'and as the investigations part ends finally  it was moment for truth.'        -that may remind you with agatha’s poirot quote ; “the truth  however ugly in itself  is always curious and beautiful to seekers after it.”      "so  we still won't have the full answers we seek and have in our mind such as;"    'if this is a great story  why would a man even so evil as voldemort would be that keen to kill baby harry that much in the first place?'    'will he return? will it be convenience one?'    well  in later books you'll see that everything is connected  mostly -not totally-planned from the beginning.well... if you still think this is an overrated book series..and doubt the accuracy of this first line  then you're seriously have some uncle vernon dursley blood in you.but cheers  you are perfectly normal thank you very much.mohammed arabey    'first read : sep. 2002'      'illustrated ed. read : from 11 nov 2015'    'to 27 nov 2015'      'full review of book one written in nov. 2016'      ' '][' '  
“it does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.”
      'this book was as enchanting as it was to 11 year old me when my sister put '  harry potter and the philosophers stone  ' in my hands and told me i simply '  have to  ' read this series. '      "harry potter meant so much to me as a kid as it did to millions of others. it was a magical world i could fall into and experience harry's amazing adventures with him. i read them over and over and it took me many years to finally come out of my harry potter bubble and realize that there "  are  ' other books for me to read and love as well. '      "i haven't done a reread since i was 16 so it has been 7 years since i've read any of the hp books. "      "i'm sure you all know how this story goes "  but bare with me as this will officially be the first time i review this book.              'harry potter lives with his horrible aunt  uncle and cousin (the dursleys). forced to sleep in the small room under the staircase  he is reminded everyday of his life that he is nothing more than an ordinary boy and an inconvenience. no matter what the dursleys say  strange and inexplicable things always seem to happen to and around harry.'            'and though his uncle and aunt try to stop events from unfolding  one day a giant stranger arrives at their door to finally tell harry the truth about who he really is and to invite him to attend the prestigious  hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry. '            "but even in the magical world harry is not ordinary. he is the boy who lived. the boy who the dark sorcerer  lord voldemort  failed to kill and who's impossible survival caused voldemort to vanish."            "life at hogwarts is great  harry has finally found a place he belongs. but his wonderful life at hogwarts is disrupted when harry and friends  ron and hermione  stumble upon clues to strange happenings that they simply cannot ignore. something important is being kept safe at hogwarts  but our trio know that it won't be safe for long and take it upon themselves to investigate and stop it from falling into evil hands. "              'i was a bit surprised by how short the chapters are and how fast the plot moved. as a kid it seemed so much longer  but i should have expected that now that i am a faster reader. 😂 '      'as i usually do an annual hp movie marathon  the actors faces immediately pop into my head and i cannot help but picturing them during this reread. '      'this is definitely a foundation book  where the rest of the plot will be built upon. but it did not lack excitement and it had the right amount of charm. i like that as you go through the books there is still so much to learn about hogwarts and the magical world. it honestly would not have been as enchanting if we new everything from the first book. '      "this book is just the beginning of harry's life at hogwarts and i am so excited to move through the years with him! "            '______'    my reviews for:      '2: '   harry potter and the chamber of secrets    '3: '  harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban    '4: '  harry potter and the goblet of fire    '5: '  harry potter and the order of the phoenix    '6: '  harry potter and the half-blood prince    '7: '  harry potter and the deathly hallows  ' '][' '    'update: 23/8/2018 my review is still hidden from view on gr. if it were listed on the community reviews  it would be the third highest voted 1 star review. in fact  since it has now been hidden for five years  maybe it would be the highest. it was the highest voted negative review prior to removing it from view. '      "should i make a list of my reviews in order of how proud i am of them  this would be somewhere in the dark. however  that doesn't seem like the point. the fact that it had 140 likes and several hundred comments has to count for something. as far as i can see  i haven't broken the "  rules of engagement  ' on gr in this review. '      "i've decided to enquire further as to whether i might be reinstated. i wonder if they ever do that?"      'the review.'      "enough. i'm putting this one to bed. i so don't want to finish it."      '‘not enough sex’ was my first thought  but then we do get to this part where boys are discussing the length and capacities of their wands and i perked up for a moment until i realised that they were actually talking about wands.'      'you will say that this is a book for children and that sex has no part in it  but  i think randall has it right  as usual:'      

  ' '    "xkcd's take on young boys"      'now  i don’t know a whole lot about boys on the verge of pubescence  but i’m fairly sure they are more interested in willies than wands. perhaps this book would have sold better if the author had regarded that piece of advice. (note to self: check if anybody bought this book. perhaps the author would appreciate my thoughts.)'      '---------------------------------------------'        'so  i keep getting hate comments for this review and i thought it would be nice if you all had a place you could get together and badmouth it. announcing....'      'a new group:'      'people who hate my harry potter review....'      'come this way:'      http://www.goodreads.com/group/show/4...      "i'd be honoured if you joined. and i'm really sorry to all the people who wrote comments here which i misguidedly deleted."      '----------------'      '20 august 2013: my harry potter review has been flagged and censored.'      'given that the review itself has experienced its own form of peer judgement via the voting system and given that it has been up for a couple of years or more i wonder if this is part of the new amazon way?'      'to quote the advice sent to me:'    
your review of harry potter and the philosopher's stone was recently flagged as inappropriate. as the review is not about the book  it will not be shown on the community book page. for more information about our review policies  please see our review guidelines.
      'the review guidelines are here: '  http://www.goodreads.com/review/guide...      ' ']['                        after billions of years  i finally read this book and i came to the conclusion that i would have liked this more if i had read it at a younger age.          ']['                        dove sono stato tutto questo tempo senza averlo letto?'      'mi ha fatto sognare talmente tanto che  al momento di "gli studenti di hogwarts potranno portare un rospo; oppure una civetta; oppure un gatto" mi sono immaginato in viaggio verso la scuola di magia con la mia gatta cicciona sottobraccio.'    "il fatto che non mi ricordassi solo vagamente del film (visto un paio di volte da piccolo) mi ha aiutato a farmi coinvolgere e spiazzare dai colpi di scena. l'ho amato.          "][' '  

      "i'm 30 years old and i've finally started the "  harry potter  " series. i know what you're thinking- it took me long enough! i say better late than never! i remember when the first movie was released in 2001. my sister was reading the books and so was my best friend. in 2001 i was in high school  and though i loved the movie  i was reading sylvia plath and wally lamb and had no interest in the young adult genre. now  totally different story! i'm all about reading some ya. "      "since i've seen the movies  there wasn't a ton of new material in this book for me (though my i've heard that the further i get into the series  the more new material i'll come across). i enjoyed reading this one lots and i'm looking forward to reading the rest of the magical harry potter books this year!           "][' '  في أستفتاء بالجودريدز عن أكثر الكتب تأثيراً في تكوين شخصيتككانت أجاباتي بـ"تصويت" غير متوقعغير أن تلك الرواية سببت طفرة حقيقية في عالم النشر فأنها ايضا كانت اول رواية تقدم توليفة ضخمة من الرسائل الغير مباشرة تقوم بتقوييم السلوكالاجابة عن السبب سأعلنها غالبا في المقالات السبع عن السلسلة غالبا بعد قراءة اخري قريبا لهذا العالم الساحر والذي بدأت دخوله علي استحياء بمشاهده الفيلم في فبراير 2002ولكن الامر صار دخولا حقيقيا بحادث ما نتج عنه قرائتي طوال ليله صيف للكتاب الاول لهاري بوتر من منتصف الليل وحتي مطلع الفجر تقريباواستكملته باقي اليوم التالي في احد ايام سبتمبر قبل الدراسه في 2002ولندع الاجابه لاحقا حين كتابتي لريفيو يليق بتلك السلسله ولكني ادعوكم للخروج معي من تلك الخزانه الصغيره تحت السلمودخول حاره دايجون والحفاظ علي السر الذي سنعرف بوجوده في بنك جرنجوتسوالجري للحائط بين رصيفي 9 و 10 ولانقلق من الاصدام بهودخول بيتنا الحبيب مره اخري..هوجوراتسواذا سالتني "ستفعل كل ذلك مره اخري ؟"فلن اجيب عليك الا بـدائمامحمد العربيمقالة كيف غير هاري بوتر تاريخ نشر الكتب والروايات  ' ']['                        why didn’t anyone tell me —haha —-'    'i can’t use that excuse —-'      'harry potter is a wizard......i had no idea.....'    'i thought he was a funny looking kid - with funny hair - and round glasses. '      'it’s true....harry potter is very famous. j. k. rowling knew harry potter would be ‘famous’ -for real- '    'hello?  with 59 157 customers reviews on amazon - averaging 5 stars - i’d say he’s a very ‘likable’ harry potter ‘famous’ boy too! '      'how in the world does a first time author —- this was the first harry potter  book  yes? - have the vision to not only create a wizardly wonderful story centered around a neglected boy who lived in a cupboard - with his sad history- know that he '    'would become a hero....the world’s most famous *harry potter*? amazing!'      'book girl -bossy know-it- all  *hermione*  chess player great friend *ron*  street-smart wizardly guide *hagrid*  father figure *dumbledore*  etc. etc. etc...major and/or minor characters ....they come alve! - great characters! '      '....cats  toads  owls  flying motorcycle ....muggles .....( great new word).....'    '....wizard boarding school...( of course — it seemed so normal -i believe)....'    '....food  - sausages- turkey- cake- chocolate frogs- etc. games  rewards  birthdays - christmas - punishments  hero’s  villains  sports ( quiddich)....such a cool game....twists and turns .....suspense '    'the wave of a magic wand.....harry potter sure got a magical wizardly lesson of bravery at ‘wizard boarding school’. '      'incredible.... i honestly ‘never’ thought i’d enjoy harry potter  ‘this much’. '    'i must have been missing some marbles. '      'an extraordinary book for all ages .....something people have been saying for ages!!!!'              ' ']["                        i reread potter 1 - this very book - and was very aware of how inspired  how clever rowling's storytelling is."      "try as i might  i can't see the current writers of urban fantasy or ya paranormal romance beat rowling in terms of raw writing ability."      "how did j.k. rowling write sorcerer's stone without magic? she had the same impact on me as...well let's say that as someone who doesn't visit other countries to observe the sistine chapel or whatever  my top three best art experience is 1. one piece 2. harry potter 3. the beatles.          "]["                        this is where it all began  where we were introduced to harry potter  rowling's magical world  a series of exciting adventures and the excellent characters and environments she has given to english literature. it set the standard for contemporary fantasy. rowling make full use of classic literary and mythological references  freeing herself from the confines of the merely topical  while giving it all a daring sense of newness. this series will live forever."        '============================='  extra stuff      'just came across this opinion piece in the nyt re why it is cool for adults to be as smitten with hp as with books not written for a ya audience. - '  why grown-up muggles should read ‘harry potter’  ' - by david busis - june 26  2017          ']['                        a link to my review '  https://youtu.be/yipseblauoo  ' ']['                        in the harry potter series  j.k. rowling perfects the most important rule of story telling: be interesting. her prose might not be great (although it is good)  her plots and mysteries might be a little convoluted. but damn can she tell an interesting story  build a fun world  and put great characters in it.'      "from the first sentence  she lets you know what fun you're in for. there's just that magical touch to it only she seems to have. and she keeps it going through the whole book (and the six others in the series) without missing a beat."      "the sorcerer's stone is packed with mystery. it starts early and picks up speed  burning through pages  right to the reveal  which is quite the surprise--no scooby-doo ending here."      "but the thing that really makes this book stand out is the characters. harry potter ended up getting on my last nerve in the series  but in this book  he's crazy likable. the minor characters are what really make the series  though. they have more personality than the protagonist of most books."      "this series might not be the best  but there's nothing like it. it's just magical. plain and simple.          "]['                        been feeling nostalgic these past few days. this is exactly what i needed.          ']['                        beyond amazing! way to start the new year! :)'      "i've read "  harry potter and the sorcerer's stone  " way back in high school but i wasn't able to finish it because sad to say  my book was lost. :( and now  thanks to my lovely friend "  allie  " who gave me a copy of this book  i became interested to read it once again and bring back the old times' feels. "      "and wow! just wow! thank goodness i decided to read it again because it felt so magical and magnificent and totally breathtaking! -- exactly what i've felt the first time i've read this."            harry potter  ' is such a great  well-fleshed out character. despite being parentless and being bullied both in the muggle world and hogwarts by some kids  he still stood up and even became a great friend to '  ron  '  '  hermione  '  '  neville  '  and the others. '      "this story had lots of exciting adventures and i really enjoyed everything that happened in this book. it was just so awesome! the secondary characters are also perfect. i especially love hermione and her genius mind! ron's loyalty towards harry is also awe-inspiring  as well as neville's adorable clumsiness. when it comes to its plotline  it's amazingly done. the twist was unpredictable and there was humor in every page that made me laugh. what's even great are the lessons and the message that are instilled to every reader  fantasy and magic aside."      

"it takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies  but just as much to stand up to our friends."

      'i loved all the chapters and my favorites are:'      the boy who lived  the vanishing glass  diagon alley  the journey from platform nine and three-quarters  the sorting hat  '  and '  quidditch  '.'      'no wonder why this book and the whole series continues to be a real sensation. '  j.k. rowling  " is so brilliant she bewitched me with her world! so excited to find out more about this series and to see what's in store for harry in the next books. :)"      'rating:'            





        ' '][' '  i really  really loved this.  ' '    'reading vlog will be up soon. book two  here i come!! '      4 stars      '___'      'on hiatus since 2017 lol          ']['                        it was great to read this again  and i will be doing a review on it on youtube :)          ']['                        do you know how hard it is to rate these books while trying to make sure nostalgia the dominating factor??           ']['                        no matter what anyone says i am never doubting snape ever again. he is the best character in this entire series. he is just misunderstood. damn you slytherins!! they just know how to win me over. '      'snape: check.'    'draco: check.'    'voldemort: check check check! '      'oh  i would love to know what house you guys belong to? '    "and no you can't be in two houses!! that is literally just not possible. "      'just took the quiz and i am a hufflepuff! '    'you know who else is a hufflepuff? my new boyfriend!'            'what??? voldemort is afraid of dumbledore??'    'hell yeah. i am already loving this. =d'      "omg omg omg omg this is happening! this is my first time so please no spoilers. i know i know we all have watched the movies but i don't really remember anything from this first one. "      ' ']["                        harry potter and the philosopher's stone = harry potter and the sorcerer's stone (harry potter #1)  j.k. rowling "    "harry potter and the philosopher's stone is a fantasy novel written by british author j. k. rowling. it is the first novel in the harry potter series and rowling's debut novel  first published in 1997 by bloomsbury. it was published in the united states as harry potter and the sorcerer's stone by scholastic corporation in 1998. the plot follows harry potter  a young wizard who discovers his magical heritage as he makes close friends and a few enemies in his first year at the hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry. with the help of his friends  harry faces an attempted comeback by the dark wizard lord voldemort  who killed harry's parents  but failed to kill harry when he was just 15 months old."    'عنوانها: هری پاتر و اکسیر جاودانگی؛ هری پاتر و سنگ جادو؛ هری پاتر و اکسیر؛ هری پاتر و سنگ معجزه گر؛ هری پاتر و سنگ کیمیا؛ هری پاتر و سنگ کیمیاگری؛ هری پاتر و سنگ فیلسوف؛ نویسنده: جی.کی. رولینگ؛ تاریخ نخستین خوانش: ماه نوامبر سال 1997 و ماه می سال 2001 میلادی'    'عنوان: مجموعه هری پاتر - کتاب 1 - هری پاتر و اکسیر جاودانگی؛ نویسنده: جی.کی. رولینگ؛ مترجم: محمد قصاع؛ تهران، موسسه فرهنگی و هنری آدینده نگار؛ 1379؛ در 357 ص؛ چاپ دوم 1381؛ شابک: 9789649270708؛'    'عنوان: هری پاتر و سنگ جادو؛ نویسنده: جی.کی. رولینگ؛ مترجم: سعید کبریائی؛ ویراستار: ویدا اسلامیه؛ تهران، تندیس، 1379؛ چاپ دوم و سوم 1379؛ چهارم تا هشتم 1380؛ چاپ دهم 1381؛ دوازدهم و سیزدهم 1382؛ چهاردهم 1383؛ هفدهم 1384؛ هجدهم و نوزدهم 1385؛ چاپ بیست و یکم 1386؛ بیست و دوم 1387؛ بیست و سوم 1388؛ چاپ بیست و هشتم 1392؛ در 352 ص؛ شابک: 9789645757029؛ '    'عنوان: هری پاتر و سنگ جادو؛ نویسنده: جی.کی. رولینگ؛ مترجم: صدیقه ابراهیمی (فخار)؛ تهران، دستان، 1379؛ در 350 ص؛ شابک: 9646555330؛ چاپ دوم 1380؛'    'عنوان: هری پاتر و سنگ جادو؛ نویسنده: جی.کی. رولینگ؛ مترجم: سایه هومان؛ تهران، باغ نو، 1379؛ در 397 ص؛ شابک: 9649024883؛ '    'عنوان: هری پاتر و سنگ کیمیاگری؛ نویسنده: جی.کی. رولینگ؛ مترجم: حمید بلوچ؛ تهران، خانه ادبیات، 1380؛ در 247 ص؛ شابک: 9647245092؛ '    'عنوان: هری پاتر و سنگ معجزه گر؛ نویسنده: جی.کی. رولینگ؛ مترجم: فلور طالبی؛ تهران، سپنتا، 1380؛ در 432 ص؛ شابک: 9649297200؛ '    'عنوان: هری پاتر و سنگ جادو؛ نویسنده: جی.کی. رولینگ؛ مترجم: نسیم عزیزی؛ تهران، ذکر، 1381؛ در 227 ص؛ شابک: 9643071995؛ '    'عنوان: هری پاتر و سنگ جادو؛ نویسنده: جی.کی. رولینگ؛ مترجم: حمیده اشکان نژند؛ تهران، گوهرشاد، 1381؛ در 400 ص؛ شابک: 9646905374؛ '    'عنوان: هری پاتر و سنگ جادو؛ نویسنده: جی.کی. رولینگ؛ مترجم: مرتضی مدنی نژاد؛ ویراستار: ملک سیما طاهری؛ تهران، هیرمند، 1381؛ در 431 ص؛ شابک: 9646974430؛ '    'عنوان: هری پاتر و سنگ کیمیا؛ نویسنده: جی.کی. رولینگ؛ مترجم: بهارک ریاحی پور؛ تهران، زرین، نگارستان کتاب، 1381؛ در 392 ص؛ شابک: 9644073053؛ چاپ دوم 1382؛'    'عنوان: هری پاتر و سنگ کیمیا؛ نویسنده: جی.کی. رولینگ؛ مترجم: مژده عبداللهی؛ تهران، شرکت توسعه کتابخانه های ایران، 1382؛ در 241 ص؛ شابک: ندارد؛ چاپ دوم 1385؛'    'عنوان: هری پاتر و سنگ جادو؛ نویسنده: جی.کی. رولینگ؛ مترجم: ایران علیپور؛ تهران، عقیل، 1382؛ در 396 ص؛ شابک: 9647678209؛ '    'عنوان: هری پاتر و اکسیر؛ نویسنده: جی.کی. رولینگ؛ مترجم: فریدون قاضی نژاد پیرسرایی؛ ویرایش: نسیم عزیزی؛ عنوان دیگر: هری پاتر و اکسیر (سنگ جادو)؛ در 407 ص؛ شابک: 96493061؛ '    'عنوان: هری پاتر و سنگ جادو؛ نویسنده: جی.کی. رولینگ؛ مترجم: مریم شعبانی؛ تهران، سنائی، 1383؛ در یک جلد؛ شابک: 9646290261؛ '    'عنوان: هری پاتر و سنگ جادو؛ نویسنده: جی.کی. رولینگ؛ مترجم: الهام آرام نیا؛ شمس الدین حسینی؛ تهران، پیکان، 1385؛ در ده و 287 ص؛ شابک: 9643285162؛ '    'عنوان: هری پاتر و سنگ فیلسوف؛ نویسنده: جی.کی. رولینگ؛ مترجم: غلامحسین اعرابی؛ تهران، پلیکان، 1388؛ در 376 ص؛ شابک: 9789648690811؛'    'هری پاتر و اکسیر جاودانگی، سرگذشت پسرکی ست به نام: «هری» که در دنیای انسانهای عادی «ماگلها» با خانواده ای که او را به سختی پذیرفته اند زندگی میکند. سپس میفهمد که او به دنیایی تعلق دارد، که پدر و مادرش جزیی از آن بوده اند: دنیای جادوگران. آن دو (پدر و مادر هری) در نبرد با بزرگترین جادوگر جادوی سیاه از بین رفته اند. داستان، سراسر آکنده از رخداد است و طنز مخصوص خانم رولینگ آن را بسیار دلپسند کرده، نویسنده، جهانی موازی و در عین حال در خود همین جهان آفریده است، مجموعه ادامه دار است. ده یازده سال پیش بود و فرزندانم که نوجوان بودند، بسیار این مجموعه را دوست میداشتند. برای این که بدانم، چه چیزی برای آنها اینقدر جالب است و جذابیت مجموعه در چیست. خود نیز شروع به خواندن نخستین جلد مجموعه کردم. همان طور که نوشتم دنیای جدید خانم رولینگ، مرا به خلسه و خیال فروبرد، خود را نوجوانی انگاشتم تشنه ی دانستن رازهای جادو، جلدهای بعدی را، یواشکی و پیش از بچه هایم میخریدم و میخواندم. ا. شربیانی          ']['                        i used to hate harry potter.'            'now before you hoist your pitchforks and torches  allow me to explain.'      "when i was a wee child of six  my dad decided it'd be a good idea to introduce me to the series—starting from the goblet of fire. "      'back then  i was a vivacious reader  but mainly of chapter books  like '  junie b. jones  ' or '  bailey school kids  ". the thickest book i'd read was "  charlie and the chocolate factory  '.'            "so when my dad plunked this gigantic doorstopper of a book in front of me  i quickly lost interest and deemed harry potter boring and overhyped. i carried this opinion through my teenage years  rolling my eyes at the people who'd pillaged bookstores at midnight and refusing my uncle's generous offer to purchase me the entire series because he knew i liked to read."      'fast forward to 2009  when i was deep in the clutches of '  twilight  " and desperate for something to fill the power vacuum breaking dawn had left. then i stumbled across harry potter and the philosopher's stone in my school library."      '"what the hell " i\'d thought. "there\'s nothing else to read anyway."'      "i'd settled on a cushy couch  flicked to the first page and laid eyes on this: "  "mr and mrs dursley  of number four  privet drive  were proud to say that they were perfectly normal  thank you very much."  ' '      'it was all over for me. '      "i read past the tardy bell  begged the librarian to let me keep it  even though we weren't allowed to check out books that early on in the school year. i zoomed through it in class and snuck the chamber of secrets and the prisoner of azaban home under my coat. i even pleaded my mother to haul the goblet of fire  order of the phoenix  half-blood prince  those thick  heavy hardbacks  home from "  her  " school's library (my mom's a teacher)  so i wouldn't be left potter-less during the weekend. "      'having come across them long overdue  i knew major spoilers  including who would die in the end  yet it still broke my heart when i read the deathly hallows.'            "there are no words to describe how much i love harry potter  and how much i want to smack my 14-year-old for obsessing over a controlling  douchebag vampire when i could have been laughing and swooning at fred and george weasley's antics."            'i am not part of the potter generation. but i wish i had been.'        ' ']["                        edit note in 2012: since this apparently isn't obvious  i wrote the review "  years  " ago. i do not necessarily have those opinions now. i wouldn't know; i haven't read harry potter since. with a degree and five more birthdays behind me i do not necessarily agree with everything i said when i was seventeen years old. i'm happy to chat about the definition of literature with you  or what i think about the harry potter phenomenon now or whatever  but try and be civil and don't attack me right out of the gate."      "edit note in 2011: i've edited this review to take out some teenage arrogance  but the rest is as-is. a few years later and with a degree in hand  including modules in children's lit  i could probably write a better review  but people seem to like this one!"        'i really don\'t like harry potter. it\'s one of those little concealed but apparently not widely known facts about me  which shocks everyone when i say i love books and they\'re all  "yeah  rite  harry potter is so awesum rite?" and i say "...no  it really isn\'t." i confess: when i was eleven or twelve or so  i read them. i also read the sabrina the teenage witch novels. i read '  everything  ' and wasn\'t very discriminating about it. i did enjoy them. i continued to enjoy them until i got to order of the phoenix  and then i decided that all the hype aside  i just wasn\'t interested anymore. bear in mind  then  for the rest of this "essay"  that i have only read up to and including the goblet of fire.'      'cue a few years of irritation while everyone insisted i '  must  ' read the rest of the books  and how '  dare  " i prefer tolkien and ursula le guin (and later  susan cooper). i have really no objection to people reading the books and enjoying them  taking part in the fandom that surrounds them  dressing up in witchy costumes to go and pick up the most recently released volume at midnight. have fun with that! as far as i'm concerned you're welcome to. i'm even quite happy to concede that yes  harry potter did get more people reading. whether it got them reading literature or not is another matter: how many people  i wonder  have discovered a mania for reading after reading harry potter and then gone onto the likes of crime and punishment and war and peace  or even lord of the rings? not that many  i'll bet. i think they're probably reading twilight and the like  more often than not. not that it matters -- as long as people are reading."      "but in any case  i. don't. have. to. read. them. just because i like books  does not mean i like "  those  " books. and i detest it every time someone shoves them in my face as 'great literature'. i actually had to study harry potter  for my english lit/lang a level (for those unfamiliar with our system: a levels are exams you take when you're about eighteen  which among other things determine whether you can go to university). one of the questions we had to figure out how to answer was whether we thought harry potter was good literature  whether we thought it would stand the test of time  and how it was suited to the time it's currently in."      "it was then that i figured out that  yeah  there are things wrong with harry potter beyond just the hype that was irritating me so much and the feeling that rowling in no way matched up to the giants of fantasy and sci-fi  like tolkien. i studied it alongside tom brown's schooldays  by thomas hughes. do note that i didn't like that book either. but it's a well written  well shaped  well considered book -- and it doesn't use the same cheap tricks as harry potter does. i'm not going to say much about that  since it's not a book i liked: if i'm going to compare/contrast  i'll compare with my favourite book that is also supposed to be for younger readers  susan cooper's "  the dark is rising  '.'      "there's nothing wrong with harry potter and the philosopher's stone being an amateur first novel. 'cause that's what it is. i'm sure many people's first novels don't even see the light of day  and yet harry potter somehow made it to a publisher's and was accepted. the thing is  people mostly refuse to recognise that and the cheap tricks j. k. rowling uses. for example  her character's names. 'draco malfoy'. mal  the french for bad  immediately obvious. 'draco'  suggesting dragon? or perhaps 'draconian'  which has negative connotations aplenty (not that i'd necessarily attribute those particular ones to draco). not very subtle  is it? 'dumbledore'. who "  doesn't  " get the image of a well-meaning  if strange  old man? 'minerva'  straight out of greek myth: a goddess of knowledge. gee  i wonder why rowling chose that for a female teacher... 'remus lupin'  'sirius black'  'mad-eye moody'... do i even have to say anything?"      "and 'harry potter'. nothing striking about that: perfectly ordinary  as names go  right?"      "yeah. and that's the point. harry potter himself is not a real character -- certainly not at first. he's a cypher  a convenient space into which a kid can very easily insert himself or even herself. he's brave. okay  generic hero characteristic. he has doubts. again  the same. he has a tragic past. don't we all? or don't we all like to think we do? look at the mary sues/self inserts people write in fandom -- so often they're people with incredibly dark  melodramatic pasts that they rise above. harry potter is a convenient place to insert yourself. the other characters are archetypes more than anything -- hermione  the know it all girl; ron  the loyal friend; dumbledore  the mentor; malfoy  the rival..."      "all of that is actually what makes harry potter a highly readable  enjoyable book  for young people and even adults. it's targeted very precisely toward the readership of today. maybe that makes j. k. rowling a better author than i might paint her as  that she can know her audience so well -- there's that view  i'm sure. but it's all very basic  and i tend to look on it as cheap tricks. the whole chapter  in the first book  about the mirror of erised -- how sad does it make you feel for harry? it's sentimental  it's sad -- and it's meant to do that  very obviously. there's a whole chapter written "  just  " to enforce the love between the members of harry potter's family."      'susan cooper does it in a single paragraph that makes me want to cry every single time i read it  coming after all the build up of guilt and pain in the relationship. "bran went to [his father] and put his arm round his waist  and stood close. it was the first gesture of affection between the two that will had ever seen. and wondering  loving surprise woke in owen davies\'s worn face as he looked down at the boy\'s white head  and the two stood there  waiting."'      "that paragraph does for me what rowling's whole chapter cannot. it's so effective  actually  because cooper spends a whole book leading up to it  "  showing  ' us owen and bran\'s relationship. rowling shows us harry\'s parents  but in an unsubtle way that actually throws me out of it because i think  "oh  yeah  this is the chapter in which we\'re supposed to feel very sorry for harry."'      "there's also a very easy  blunt misdirection. you're supposed to hate snape  supposed to believe he's the one to blame for everything  and at the end  you're supposed to be as surprised as harry when it's quirrel waiting there for him. at the age of eleven  i think i went right along with that  but when i reread it for a level  i had to wince at how heavy-handed the misdirection was. i understand that later in the series snape comes into it more  and i don't know whether the misdirection turns out to be not that misdirected when it comes down to the real truth: but in the first book  you're meant to believe it's snape all along  and i don't think j. k. rowling does a very good job of giving us clues that it's not actually snape  because she's so busy blackening him to lead people astray."      "it's also very black-and-white. questions aren't raised  by this story -- and that's a thing i think is actually important in literature. raise questions  discuss issues  end with a question. i don't know what to call stories that don't fit into that  really. i'm going to go with 'novels' as opposed to literature. harry potter is a novel. it's a story. i don't think it has any real lasting values. susan cooper's books  while also quite basic  discussing the light and the dark  do end with a question. if man is left on earth  to do as man will  will man be light or dark? the immortals leave earth  and say that the world -- for better or worse -- belongs to humans. right now  a lot of people think the answer to that question would be 'worse'. but harry potter does not raise this question  does not raise any question  and does not answer one either. that's why i don't think it will last except perhaps as a phenomenon to be studied: the 'potter mania' and what caused it."      "that's why i don't like rowling's writing. it's not particularly refined  it's unsubtle -- and that's okay  you know  i'm not saying you can't enjoy that  can't find it refreshing. i don't. i'm also not saying that 'novels' are bad -- they're good  they can provide valuable escapism  they can be incredibly rich fodder for the imagination  and i suspect harry potter is  for many children. but i don't call it literature  and i myself don't "  like  ' it.'      'note: the three star rating is because honestly  when i first read it  i did love it.          ']['                        i read this long long ago to see how "evil" it was. you know  does it encourage children to become witches and wizards? does reading harry potter cause evil?'        'after chopping off the heads of chickens  bats  a stray cat  and mixing it up in a '  cauldron  ' pot  i dipped in my voo-doo doll and put a curse on my neighbor. (nothing '  too  ' bad  just a case of incurable body lice) i then decided '  there is absoultely nothing wrong with harry potter!                      "*disclaimer for those who don't get my sarcasm: i never cut heads off any animal  ever. i open the door to let spiders and flies out of the house. so relax. (and let your kid read the damn book!)"    ' ']["                        this is one of the ten bestselling books ever. how do i approach this book to review? it set the ball rolling for so many of us. the book was set in the 90's  and i'm almost the same age as harry would be."      "for some time  it would be so tempting to pretend that magic exists. j.k rowling's seal on this type of mysterious novel has never been attempted before. the book has many influences  but in the end  it stands alone."      'did i broach on how fun it was to read these books? this reread is the first since joining goodreads. loved it  and most characters are so funny  including the backfiring handed to malfoy.'      "it's been a privilege to read book 1 of the series. i know how it will end  but let me enjoy book 2 in quiet. book 7 made me cry but the joy of books 1-3 is unrivaled. we will never see it matched in the future. not until decades and maybe a couple of centuries later. "      "i tried to find special ideas to show my love for these books  but i can't do it justice. let's leave out the cold word bildungsroman until later.          "]['                        can confirm that this is still the best book ever written. that’s it that’s the review           '][' '  4th read: december 2018    'i switched between the illustrated edition and the regular hardcover so i could annotate  and of course i love love loved it.'      3rd read: april 2018    'i tried out the audiobook (narrated by stephen fry) finally... and i loved it so so much. he does an incredible job bringing the story to life and his voices for every character are spot on in my opinion. loved it 😭❤️️          ']['                        oh why yes my name is sana and i really did not like this. '      "don't kill me  thanks. goodbye"    ' '    "i've been thinking a lot and this is actually 2.5 stars"      '_____________________________________________________________'    'guys my little sister just came put to me with this book in her hand and asked if i wanted to br with her. '      'she looked so happy when i said yes.          ']['                        i love harry potter  fantastic start to the series.'      'reread december 2014 for #harryxmastoyou'      'there are so many foreshadowing things i never noticed before! like the centaurs talking about the innocent being the first to die? and just so many things just mentioned that come up later  the dragon in gringotts  dittany  sirius black  etc.'    "there's also a lot of things i've forgotten weren't in the movie  which is crazy! but so good. i love it just as much if not even more."      'reread for #harryxmastoyou 2017'      'thing i got emotional about this time because i forgot about it: hagrid gathering pictures from people who knew harry’s parents for the scrapbook. so emo. i also still love this book. and the illustrated edition is beautiful          '][' '  4.5 stars!      “he didn’t realise that love as powerful as your mother’s for you leaves it’s own mark. not a scar  no visible sign... to have been loved so deeply  even though the person who loved us is gone  will give us some protection for ever.”      'buddy read with '  the one who started it all!      'ya gurllllll did it! after 25 years on this earth  and the book has been out for however long  it’s done. i’ve read the first instalment of the harry potter series and i '  loved  ' every single minute of it. '  better late than never right?  ' firstly i read this  and then switched to the audiobook while i was at work (a girls got to do  what a girls got to do) and honestly it was amazing! stephen fry as the narrator was everything. i was living for it! special shout out to how he portrays hermione and hagrid  i was just. i can’t even put into words how amazing it was.'      'now i knew it was going to be good  but did i think it was going to be that good?! nope. it had a little bit of everything; friendships  magic  muggles  world building  enemies  snippets into other characters  hilarious moments  intense moments and so much more.'      'i’m not really going to go into a lot of detail with characters as i’m pretty sure everyone knows them by now... but i’m just going to quickly note that i would ever find '  neville  ' to be such an endearing character with his bravery and friendships (especially hermione). then there was '  hagrid  ' with his dragon  calling himself mummy  doing lovely little things for harry. i just can’t cope with it all!'      'so... what i '  liked?    "- all of the humour! i just. ahhhhh. i didn't think i'd laugh so much!"    '- magic'    '- how all of the friendships came around  i liked that hermione wasn’t instantly in with them'    '- hermione as a whole had some amazing moments'    '- hagrid making a book of photographs for harry... my heart!'    '- the description of voldemort  like i didn’t know he had red eyes and his nose situation made more sense (plz on’t judge me aha)'    '- all of the mystical creatures along the way'      'i could go on and on but i’ll stop...'      'what i '  didn’t like?    '- i don’t know if it’s because i’m only just reading this now or what  but the final kind of showdown was over a bit quickly  like one minute something was happening and then nothing? i know  i know... i still loved it though!'      'overall i’m thinking to myself “why did you wait this long you fool”. '    "i can't wait to get on with "  harry potter and the chamber of secrets  '.'      “it takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies  but just as much to stand up to our friends.”      'philosopher’s stone - 4.5 stars'    ' '  chamber of secrets  ' - 4 stars'    prisoner of azkaban  ' - 5 stars'    goblet of fire  ' - 4.5 stars'    order of the phoenix  ' - 4.5 stars          ']["                        fairly standard kid's fantasy fare from rowling as she re-introduces the world to the classic british fairy tale  which had been mostly forgotten since tolkien spliced it with the epic. she mines gold from this rich and storied tradition  but doesn't really fashion anything unique from it."      "we can see the beginnings of rowling's authorial failings (and a hint of her strengths as well). she adopts rouald dahl's 'awful family' trope  though it's clear that rowling does not have the gift of bizarre characterization or the knowledge of the darker parts of the human soul that made his books resonate."      'she writes sympathetic characters  but not unusual ones. overall her writing has relatively little character or style. then again  mass success often requires leaving the more unusual elements behind. so she relies on standard character types  managing to keep them afloat through the patented perpetual plot of the airplane book.'      "she also pulls from that old british tradition of 'children lost in fairyland'  seen often in early fantasy (dunsany  eddison)  which lewis also made use of. she also has the vast  unknown underground of magic just beneath our world which keeps itself always mysterious and quiet  much favored by gaiman and other urban fantasy authors (though rowling's invented world is strained and piecemeal  moreso as the series goes on)."      "the strength of the book is that it combines the tradition of the 'child in fairyland' with another british standby: the boarding school bildungsroman. it's the same neat trick mervyn peake pulled in 'gormenghast'  though rowling's version is tame in comparison. her tale of the intellectual  emotional  and physical growth of the young  outcast everyman is rather predictable  except for some insight into angst in the fifth book."      "rowling's prose is quick and simple  but sometimes awkward and without music or joy. it is not the sort of deliberate simplicity carroll achieved by expressing complex ideas in playful terms. it is rather the sign of an author whose unsophisticated voice prevents her language from vaulting higher."      "simplistic elegance is deceptively difficult to achieve  and so it's hard to blame rowling too much when she falters. it's unfortunate that she didn't put a few failed books under her belt before finding success  as such early outings are often best winnowed chaff."      'her plotting--as ever--is scattered and convenient; though in a shorter book  it shows less. her plot twists  as usual  disappoint; they are not built upon progression of events but upon reader expectation and emotional red herrings.'      "it's the beginning of an enjoyable series  but there's really no need to start any earlier than the third book  when rowling finally finds her pace and begins to lean more heavily on that which she does well  which helps to hide her faults. watch the movie if you need a primer."      my fantasy book suggestions  ' '][' '  2020 reread  ':'      "yep  still as good as ever. i read this as part of the harry potter & the virgins readalong - essentially a group of people who've never read the series + me  the veteran. here is our liveshow discussion on readwithcindy's channel: "  https://youtu.be/zscxbch8tuq      booktube  '\xa0|\xa0'  instagram  '\xa0|\xa0'  twitter      '---'      2016 reread  ': '      'this was a reread for me (obviously) and it was so heartwarming and perfect. rereading harry potter is like coming home. i listened to it on audio because jim dale is bae. seriously  his hagrid voice is my life. '            "growing up i always had a love/hate relationship with harry as the main character  but this time around i just loved the lil guy. maybe it's because of all the tumblr headcanon i've read  but i honestly cried when he opened his christmas presents and when he went to see his parents in the mirror every night. (tbh everything about this book made me emotional.)"            'this reread also made me realize how many serious topics hp touches on: bullying  making friends  loss  love  etc.          ']['                        momento histórico: acabo de terminar de leer por primera vez el libro de harry potter  como ustedes saben yo no los leí de niña pero nunca es tarde para'    'comenzar ❤️          ']['                        of course....five glorious stars ...duh! and i am so jealous of all the kids who get to grow up reading these awesome illustrated versions.'            'absolutely gorgeous illustrations by jim kay that takes the potter experience to a whole new level !'            'i don’t remember when was the first time i read it...no idea why i gave it 4 stars then! i love...love...love... the potter movies and have watched them countless times. hopefully  i’ll be finishing the series..finally this year..:d '          'honestly  the plot is pretty straight forward but nothing can beat the genius storytelling and the magical world building.there is no point in rambling about it anymore ...i think every single person here must have read it at least once....and even those who have not read it..know most of the story :) .and if by any chance  you do not belong to either of these categories...omg ...you have no freaking idea how much i envy you right now...can you please swap your pristine brain with my potter – infested one ??!!'      'finally  a big thanks to my ‘tabaahi’ gang for making the br such a memorable one! '     the super grumpy - mr.filch :p     the loyal -ron :)    the sweet -ginny :)     the wise one - hermoine :)     the gentlemanly lykan - mr. lupin :)     rishwaa :p     'ummm...apologies for my disappearance midway :d.... not my fault...i swear someone performed a vanishing spell !! :p          '][' '    just here to say hi to the best blockbuster book in the milky way  ' ']["                        i'm not going to comment on the literary shortcomings of this book  the cliches  the painfully long narrative  the fact that the characters will not think about an issue for months  but then suddenly it becomes important again. smarter people than me have already said all this."      "what bothers me about the harry potter universe is its characterization of magic. why is magic so easy in the harry potter universe? it's only moderately a matter of skill to use magic. magic is mostly saying the correct word with the correct intonation and the correct flourish of the wand and boom! you've done something magical. if it were only for small things i don't think this would bother me so much  but the same works for more serious things  like killing someone."      "there is so much that is contrary to logic (and i don't mean science  i mean how reasonable people would behave) in the magic of harry potter that it drives me crazy. why is the magical world so separated from the real world? what is their interaction? if magic works in the muggle world  what is preventing someone like voldemort from completely taking over the muggle world? what is preventing any character from killing any other character by simpling saying the killing curse at any time? human decency? obviously there are a lot of characters in the books that don't have any. this never made any sense to me."      "i would like to draw a comparison with (and i'm sure people on a site about reading books will crucify me for mentioning tv  which is "  obviously  ' incapable of being an art form) buffy the vampire slayer. in buffy  every time you use magic  you pay for it. for little things  like floating a pencil  you pay for it in concentration  and maybe a little physical energy  but not more than going for a walk. however  the more you take  the more you have to give back in one form or another. the show is not always entirely consistent on this  but the idea makes sense. to bring someone back from the dead  you have to kill something else  or pay some other kind of price. if you want to kill someone  there is a physical price  a mental price. nothing is free. in harry potter  it seems like everything is free.'      "it's always put me off  and every time a fan tries to explain to me why i'm wrong it sounds like a deus ex machina  or just a plain old stretch."      'also  quidditch is the most pointless sport ever created. only in 1 game out of 1000 does anything 99% of the action matter to the outcome of the game. only the seeker and the bludgers mean anything.          ']["                        no matter how many times i watch or reread the mirror scene with harry's parents  i always tear up."      'i love this series so much!!!!'        'the movie is amazing as well 😍          ']['                        i wish this book had come out when i was young  i wish that someone had convinced me to read them when they first came out  and i wish i had read this series before i watched the movies...i wish..i wish..i wish...'      "i wish i wasn't a muggle."            'the day started off the same as any other day for vernon dursley- he picked out his clothes for work  got dressed  listened to his wife- petunia- as she struggled with their son -dudley- during one of his tantrums  grabbed his briefcase  kissed them both good-bye  got into his car and drove away from number four privet drive. that is where the day took a strange turn...vernon just chose to ignore it.'                  'he ignored the cat reading a map on the street corner outside his home. he ignored the people dressed in cloaks...he ignored the owls flying outside his window at work- and after some careful consideration  he decided to also ignore the whispers on the streets outside at lunch- mentioning the name harry potter  and the strange man that hugged him for no reason...if vernon had been a different sort of man- he would have known life was about to change for his "happy\' little family.'                  "the street lights on privet drive flicker off one by one- and a group of four gather just outside the dursley residence. dumbledore  professor mcgonagall and hargrid  set baby harry and a letter on the doorstep. for harry potter isn't just any child and must be kept safe. one day he will know who he is  and one day they will come back for him."                  "first off i would like to thank my friend stepheny- for finally being the one to give me that extra push i needed to give in and read this wonderful book- and i do mean push. she was relentless  and now i know why! anything i say will pale in comparison to her review of harry potter and the philosopher's stone- so i am going to link her review and let her words take over from here..."      https://www.goodreads.com/review/show...      'thanks stepheny! :d          '][' '  
“he’ll be famous – a legend – i wouldn’t be surprised if today was known as harry potter day in future – there will be books written about harry – every child in our world will know his name!”
  ' let’s start with a huge shout out and thanks to all my great buddies who came together for this group br and made it so much more fun! this was a grand hp group re-read!! a br that spanned the nation and overseas reinforcements!! '      eastern savage queen aka hermione  ' '    eastern lovely queen aka ginny     western fanatic king aka grumpy filch    western cute queen aka ron    southern (semi) king aka fred/george    foreigner giffy queen aka luna  ' '    foreign queen of queens aka evil doppelganger hermione  ' '      "where's the north you ask? why  it's me! "  the king in the north aka remus lupin!          'this group br was like experiencing something that would bring us closer somehow! or maybe i am the fool! but i loved every update and every comment and i really look forward to the rest of the journey!'    'and a special shout out the old man  mr. grumpy filch who kept us enthralled with all the amazing fun facts and trivia (even though i knew a lot of them). i really appreciate the effort you put in  avinash  to get this br done and for all the fun facts! thank you!'      'am i supposed to review this now? for real? bcz there isn’t one word i could say about it that hasn’t been said already. this series is my first love and first foray into reading. and there are memories attached to this. memories of growing up with harry  hermione and ron. memories of a time when life wasn’t all that pleasant and these books brought a much needed respite. for that and much more  these books will always be special! rowling will always be special. '          'as i re-read this book after well over a decade  it still felt great. i was apprehensive in the beginning about this series getting tarnished for me but that didn’t happen. although it is much clearer to me now what the target reader group was. and yet  it was a good fit. i still enjoyed it  quite more than i was expecting to  i was smiling and at a couple of places i laughed  thanks to fred and george!'      'i bought the whole paperback box set on impulse  mostly for this br  and i kept thinking why did i do it and what if i don’t feel like continuing with the series but i know now that i can re-read this series as many times as i want and it will never lose its charm for me! i loved every bit of the book and i am so happy i bought these glorious books with such amazing covers  like an investment! i will now be off to watch the movie (yes  i’ve watched the movies just the once too) and hopefully  all of us will resume this journey again soon enough bcz i know that i want to read this back to back very badly! '      'i have had fun! with all the amazing updates and the nicknames and the irrelevant banter and most of all  re-living the magic. this was a great br and i wanna thank all you guys again. and a special mention to my dear '  sillyhead  ' who joined me on such a short notice! it was awesome to have you on board '  even if you joined forces against me when you were supposed to be on my side  you little shit  ' and i won’t forget it ;)'    
“to harry potter -- the boy who lived!”
  ' '    ' '][' '  الجزء الأول من هاري بوتر إحصائيا هو أكثر الكتب قراءة عالميا على الجود ريدز في أخر أسبوع وأخر شهر وأخر سنةوثابت ع الرانك الأول لمدة مهولة وحتى الآن ودا لينك القائمة:https://www.goodreads.com/book/most_r...رغم إن البداية كانت غير كدا خالصجوان رولنج المؤلفة لفت تقريبا على كل دور النشر و "حفيت" عشان حد ينشرلها الرواية كان سبب الرفض من وجهة نظر دور النشر هو إنها دون المستوى وإنها مجرد حكاية للأطفالطبعا الفرق بين البداية ووضع الرواية حاليا مبهر جداخصوصاً بعد ما كانت السبب في إن الكاتبة تصبح بعد صدور الجزء الرابع بقليل أول شخص توصل ثروته للمليار دولار من مهنة الكتابة. والرواية حقيقي مش بس شهرةالرواية دي عظيمة جدًا جداًالرواية دي هي اللي أعادت الروح لحكايات السحرة من تانيوهي مش مجرد رواية عن السحر زي ما نص أفلام هوليود في السبعينيات مجرد أفلام عن مسدسات بتعرف تضرب نارحبكة الرواية أهم بكتير من الموضوع اللي بتتكلم عنه ولكم في ستيفن كينج أسوة يعني**"الطفل الذي بقى" وكل تفاصيل حياته في عالم السحرة هتستمتع بكل تفصيلة في الرواية وحبكتهاالتي ستطور قليلاً في الأجزاء التاليةالرواية سهلة وبسيطةوأجمل ما فيها هو ابتعادها عن استعراض الألفاظ اللغوية والتشبيهات المملة ينصح بها لكل المبتدئين  أو اللي هيقرأوها في وقت ضغط زي وقت امتحانات الفاينال زي ما أنا عملت كدا :3ومش بس كدا رولنج بتتكلم عن فكرة فلسفية ماأي نعم بشكل هامشي وبدون استفاضة وأحيانا مش بتبقى فلسفية أوي لكن هي وسيلة كويسة لتعليم الأطفال والكبار وزرع قيم جواهمواللي هحاول أناقش بعضها في كل جزءمن القيم المحورية هنا واللي هتتكرر معانا في باقي الـ7 أجزاء هي فكرة الخوف من نطق كلمة معينة تعبر عن حاجة معينة وإزاي دا بيؤدي لزيادة الخوف من الشيء نفسه ومش بيقلل نشر الخوف بعدم ذكر اسمه واللي ممكن يخلي الشيء دا فعليا أكتر قوةوكان الإسقاط هنا بنطق اسم فولدمورت واستبدالها بـ "أنتم تعرفون من""you know who".**الخلفية اليسارية للكاتبة حاضرة بقوة طول الروايةوأكبر تجلي ليها كان في "منزل السليذرين"واللي عبرت بيهم عن غضبها من الأرستقراطيينوطبعا كالعادة لازم ننحي خلافاتنا الفكرية جانباًلنستطيع الاستمتاع بهذه التحفة الأدبيةوأنهي بتكرار ما قاله محمد العربي  بأن الفيلم هو مجرد إعلان مدته ساعتان للرواية.    ' '][' '  what can be the best way to start the new year other than coming back to my favourite harry?!!      "yeah it's the time to revisit our beloved hogwarts along with my favorite tabaahi gang :-d *dancing with joy*"      "*background scene changes to king's cross station*"      'here is the list of the fellow passengers to board the hogwarts train with me-'    '¤ '  the ultimate cutie ron weasley    '¤ '  the foe turned bro george weasley    '¤ '  the charm queen hermione granger    '¤ '  the witty doppleganger hermione granger    '¤ '  the cheery beauty luna lovegood     '¤ '  the drama-king remus lupin  ' '    '¤ '  the sweetly grumpy argus filch        "and.. i'm the one who captured the heart of the boy who lived.. ginny weasely! *takes a bow* "      "oh it's almost eleven o'clock ! gotta rush!!"      ' ']